The anniversary report is acknowledged as a tremendous achievement.
In 1932 De Valera was elected as Prime Minister, and was acknowledged as leader of the Irish people.
He acknowledges it's going to be a tough job, but he's going to try it anyway.
I did a lot of work on that book. It annoys me that the editor never acknowledged it.
We will never reform the justice system until we are prepared to acknowledge its fundamental defects.
The paper never even acknowledged my letter or printed a correction.
Please acknowledge receipt of this document by signing and returning the enclosed form.
Cooke acknowledges receiving gifts that could be seen as bribes.
In a correction that was published June 4,1995, the Globe acknowledged that Ayash did not sign the medication order.
The committee acknowledges that mentally ill people in the community are not receiving the care and treatment they need.
However, some acknowledge that the reforms had to be introduced quickly.
The governor has acknowledged that there have been errors in his financial statements.
I readily acknowledge that this is a very difficult request but I am afraid the timescale has to he met.
Zaire was forced to acknowledge the authority of the Congolese state.
And, a base spokesman acknowledged the cooler ban did not prohibit knapsacks, soft-sided fabric coolers or wagons.
Policy props up parental wishes and desires, but does it acknowledge the effect on the deaf child?
In his speech he acknowledged the help his parents gave him at the start of his career.
You have to acknowledge the truth of what she says.
I have just sent off a letter acknowledging their message.
In particular, it is acknowledged that a de minimis level for warranties and indemnities will be included.
Quite the contrary, it is acknowledged that carrying the message is all one can do.
But he acknowledged that, for example, education could achieve the same objectives.
It is now generally acknowledged that he was innocent.
He acknowledged that it could prove up to four times more expensive than wind or wave power.
She would accept students at the margins, but she acknowledged that she was engaging in a form of triage.
The company has acknowledged that some incidents of harassment occurred, but denies allegations that it was widely tolerated.
But Tisaby, while acknowledging that such witnesses exist, said it was unclear what they saw.
We acknowledge that there have been dreadful mistakes and inexcusable mistreatment in the past, but we have learned from them.
An industry spokesman acknowledged that toxic chemicals had been released into the river.