Add 10% to the total.
If you add 11 and 31, you get 42.
Beech Co. is planning to add 500 jobs within the next 12 months.
Add 6 and 6 and you get 12.
The book would look a lot more attractive if they added a few color pictures.
I think you need to add a little more salt.
Cooking procedures: add boiling water and leave for several minutes to rehydrate.
A further, recent complexity has been added by the widespread use of video recorders.
Adding fertilizer to the soil will help the plants to grow more quickly.
Fine champagne always adds glamour to an occasion.
Add milk to the mixture before heating it.
But rather than providing a solution, their results just added more fuel to the fire.
If you need more storage space it's possible to add more shelves.
I added my strokes at the stern.
John added some water to the paint to make it thinner.
Beat together the egg and sugar, then add the flour.
Gradually add the spiced milk, stirring with a whisk to avoid lumps.
New fire-safety equipment had to be installed, adding thousands of dollars to the cost of the repairs.
In a cup or small bowl, mix together water and cornstarch until smooth; add to broth.
But he would like to add to evidence that keeps the mystery alive.
A reinforced edge adds strength and is useful for a fruit cage.
Deng was made senior deputy premier and soon added party and military posts.
I started pickling everything I could think of, started adding cardamom and turmeric to mangoes and pineapples and pears.
Some vendors are expected to build devices that add facsimile and telephone capabilities, while others offer speech processing capability.
The 4.3 cents were little noticed when they were added, and will be little noticed if removed.
They added color and dignity to our program and made the day a day to remember, and we are truly grateful.
To the wealth they received from their estates and taxation, successful Merovingians could also add plunder and tribute from neighbouring peoples.
To these qualities, he has been adding more and more flair within the past fortnight.
Merrill manages to add humor to a difficult role.
Conforming to the new regulations will add to the cost of the project.
The sales tax adds 8% to the price of clothes.
Now, they say, future battles will be waged on features and added value.