I think it's too expensive. Do you agree?
Right then, are we all agreed?
The project can't go ahead until the finance committee agrees.
Charles suggested going for a picnic, and we all agreed.
I'll have to check these calculations again -- the totals don't agree.
I suggested we move to Chicago and she agreed.
After a few minutes' discussion we had agreed a price and the car was mine.
Ultimately the two sides could not agree, and negotiations were abandoned.
"I wish it was time to go home." "I couldn't agree more."
The one thing all the parties agreed on was the need for fair elections.
It was agreed that the price should be fixed at $200.
Finally, after some tough negotiating, it was agreed that the workforce would be reduced by 10%.
"Yes, I'm sure you're right," agreed Tony.
Mr Johnson thinks it's too risky, and I tend to agree with him.
Lee agreed with Jackson that more opportunities should be created for minorities in film.
I also agree with Scott L.J.'s observations about the form of order that would be proper to be made.
Mr and Mrs Davenport accepted and agreed with the results of the psychological evaluation.
I agree with you about the color - it looks awful.
Morrison Knudsen and lenders agree on a plan to avoid a cash shortage.
The Government had failed to agree on a programme: Baldwin was for protection.
It is much easier to form a coalition against something than to agree on alternatives.
Neither side can agree on doctors or medical institutes to carry out tests.
Mike and I certainly don't agree on everything.
They could not agree on the Gulf conflict and seem to have no agreed middle east policy.
But, if the supporters are agreed on the principle of rotation, they disagree over the detail.
Most of us, I think, can agree on this.
Teenagers and their parents rarely agree.
If she felt he was right, she would agree with him.
Most people nowadays would agree that a good pub is one of our best traditions.
We don’t agree on everything, of course.
We agreed that elections would be held in May.
We agreed a new four-year contract.