They need a person who sets standards of competence and integrity to be aimed at.
Reformed systems of direct support, aimed in particular at helping family farms and crofts.
The Financial Statement was a voluntary arrangement, which aimed to avoid court action.
This is aimed at encouraging subscriptions from smaller towns and rural areas where there are no Internet service providers.
Additional police officers were put on the street to enforce an 8 p. m. curfew aimed at preventing looting.
The Food and Drug Administration Tuesday announced a program aimed at providing consumers with better information about prescription drugs.
If you are lighting a single object, aim to place your fixture so that there is no distracting reflection.
Focalink of Palo Alto aims to provide advertisers with demographic profiles of people who visit various Web sites.
The company is aiming to address these problems by offering its own online training service.
The following guides do not aim to be totally comprehensive.
The research also aims to find out whether these practices vary with types of industry.
Microsoft is aiming to have the initial releases of the new operating system available in the second half of 2001.
I'm aiming to lose 10 pounds before July.
Encourage anyone who wishes to help at mealtimes. Aim to make mealtimes and refreshment breaks social occasions.
Fund managers aim to mix a cocktail of bonds that offer a return higher than the interest on a building society deposit.
The elite squads work more intensively and aim to produce at least three prospective candidates in each weight division.
The Oxford based Phoenix Prison Trust is aiming to recruit prisoners to meditation using classes and a book of basic techniques.
We’re aiming for a big improvement.
We aim to finish by Friday.
Changes in the penalties for speeding are aimed at putting fear into the hearts of anyone considering edging over the limit.
They use solar collectors and windmills for energy supply and each region aims at self-sufficiency in proteins.