I also go to conferences, seminars, speak on programmes like Farming Today, appear on television and write letters.
Most performers appear on stage so briefly that we barely connect with them.
When talking heads appear on television, there is nothing to record or document, no change in process.
Ellie appeared on stage to a standing ovation.
The first time he appeared on stage was in 1848, with Jack Diamond.
But it is not generally the stuff that appears on television, where self-restraint has become the norm.
He never appeared on stage without a rope in his hand and chewing gum in his mouth.
It was raw, frank and eventually it appeared in print.
The top story, about police computers, turned out to be slightly too long when it appeared in print.
About 60 of them actually appeared in print and not necessarily in the order of context I had written them.
By the time the news appeared in print , most people had already heard about it.
Anything that has appeared in print so many times must be true.
Meanwhile, several Bay Area defendants in the case appeared in court.
Our criminal-justice system is on trial every time a defendant appears in court.
Tomorrow two servicemen from Hullavington are due to appear in court again charged in connection with the fire.
The alleged victim failed to appear in court, and now the case is on appeal in a federal court.
Finally, she appeared in court in 1976, subdued and generally apolitical.
Mr Kissinger refused to appear in court, saying he had a prior engagement.
Avon and Somerset Police have summonsed Redknapp to appear in court to answer charges of alleged abusive conduct.
She has already appeared in a number of films.
He appeared on national television to deny the claims.
The story appeared in all the national newspapers.
Some of the material used has appeared in print before.
The new range will be appearing in shops in the autumn.
New courses are appearing every year.
The three men are due to appear in court tomorrow.
She appeared before Colchester magistrates charged with attempted murder.
Sir Nicholas Gammon QC appeared on behalf of the defendant.
Pavarotti will be appearing in a number of concerts over the summer.
Meeks is scheduled to appear in court February 5.