Now processors say they are being offered plastic waste with a dowry of £50-100 a tonne attached.
The doctor will attach a monitor to your stomach so that she can listen to the baby's heart.
The doctor attached a tiny monitor to the baby's head.
Get your receipt, attach it, and send it in.
The board needs little preparation since once the skeg is attached only the daggerboard has to be slid into its case.
I've attached the latest spreadsheet for you to look at.
It took a couple of minutes to attach the trailer to the back of the truck.
These oligonucleotides were attached to Dynal magnetic beads coated with streptavidin according to the manufacturer's instructions.
The references and diagrams were attached to the document.
They were transferring it to living quarters attached to the hospital.
But Acheson took a second careful look and saw a few bright specks attached to the rod.
This is the day by which your debtor must return the reply form which is attached to the summons to the court.
A copy of my resume is attached to this letter.
Observing the world around them, they attached labels to concepts.
They attach themselves to her in the time-honoured order: strongest take the front teats, weakest the rear.
Particular molecules will attach themselves to the enzyme surface so that atoms can be transferred rapidly.
Joyce had become separated from her parent and attached herself to the Leighs.
If she wishes to attach herself to the scare, I am delighted.
We have 352 people attached to the embassy in Moscow.
The hook is attached to a conventional rig, or a bolt-rig, of which more later.
Each small protuberance seems to be attached to a larger one at some minute place, producing many warts upon warts.
And they just happen to be attached to a saint!
Applicants are attached to a voluntary business advisor in their own area who will assist them with their initial business plan.
Moreover, whether or not conditions are attached to debt relief, they will certainly be attached to other forms of aid.
A device resembling a coaster was attached to the bottom of the can and plugged in, which opened the valve.
The computer department is attached to the consumer products division.
Hence he attaches importance to spending more of the government's research cash in industry as opposed to within the government's own establishments.
And, since he seems to attach importance to the language-game of giving orders and obeying them, let us begin there.
Attach a recent photograph to your application form.
A small battery attached to a little loudspeaker
Please fill in and return the attached reply slip.
No blame can be attached to Roy for the incident.
It’s easy to let the emotions attached to one situation spill over into others.
When approving a merger, the commission can attach conditions.
You can’t really attach a label to this type of art.
The Food Ministry is attached to the Ministry of Agriculture.