We take every precaution to avoid accidents.
The company is anxious to avoid an expensive court case.
To avoid any possible embarrassment the receptionist should show the lady to a seat in the lounge.
Police were anxious to avoid any ugly scenes when the two boys made their first appearance in court nine days ago.
Civilian casualties must be avoided at all costs.
Penny jumped out of the way to avoid being hit by the falling branch.
The book is intended to help students avoid common errors.
She's a good manager, because she never avoids dealing with the problems of her staff.
Hoping to avoid delays and embarrassing publicity, in July the council started quietly pressuring Pike to disengage from the venture.
Except when they were filming, the two actors avoided each other like the plague.
Drivers are advised to avoid Elm Street today due to heavy traffic and long delays.
Import duties on some goods can be avoided if you know how.
Journalists now subject him to the scrutiny he avoided in his stealthy rise.
We must, above all, avoid involvement in the war.
I'm sure Sarah's been avoiding me recently.
Have you been avoiding me?
He avoids mentioning Home Office research that suggests that there is a relationship between deprivation and crime.
Children quickly learn how to avoid punishment.
Try to avoid subjects like sex or religion that might offend people.
But as they minded their church business, they could not avoid taking political stands as well.
Do you think he's gone away to avoid talking to the police?
The driver of the car said he tried to brake to avoid the accident, but it was already too late.
Typical politician! He just kept avoiding the question.
I switched ends on the stretcher to avoid the stain from the piece of meat.
I had to swerve to avoid the truck.
I managed to avoid the worst of the traffic.
The torpedo was only narrowly avoided.
And Chrysler narrowly avoided a major strike in August at its Detroit axle plant, another aging factory targeted for shutdown.
Two children in the car were rescued unhurt, and a woman inside the house narrowly avoided being hit by debris.
This was narrowly avoided by producing a new programming scheme, involving local sponsorship as the future funders of individual exhibitions.
A narrowly avoided divorce scandal involving a prominent Member of Parliament.