The rise in interest rates may be more than the economy can bear.
His face is enormous, almost more than I can bear.
She was afraid she wouldn’t be able to bear the pain.
Overcrowding makes prison life even harder to bear.
Make the water as hot as you can bear.
The humiliation was more than he could bear.
Black people continue to bear the brunt of most racial violence (=have to deal with the most difficult or damaging part).
Passengers could be insulting, and stewardesses just had to grin and bear it (=accept it without complaining).
Experts were worried the financial system would not be able to bear the strain.
Please don’t leave me. I couldn’t bear it.
I just can’t bear the thought of having to start all over.
I couldn’t bear not seeing him again.
Oh, I really can’t bear him.
He can’t bear people smoking while he’s eating.
Some people find it hard to bear the heat in the summer.
Mark couldn’t bear the pressure of the job any longer.
Her loneliness was hard to bear, after her husband died.
I can not bear it any longer, I am crying now.
Talking to a counsellor can help divorcees to bear the pain of separation.
The trial was a great scandal but she managed to bear it all with courage and dignity.
Each company will bear half the costs of development.
Fares have gone up, perhaps to more than the market will bear.
Developed countries bear much of the responsibility for environmental problems.
It is better that I alone bear the burden.
The rates were incapable of bearing the burden in their view and they expressed cautious support for a local income tax.
Share prices had therefore to bear the burden of adjustment.
For the moment, capital was bearing the costs of overaccumulation.
Is the potential for misidentification any less when the defence bear the burden of proof?
The buyers therefore had to bear the costs of the deterioration.
The insured must bear the costs of the Engineers fees unless liability is subsequently established under the policy.
The bears the responsibility for most of the changes.
Do parents have to bear the whole cost of tuition fees?
In the end it's consumers who bear the burden of higher prices.
You shouldn't have to bear the blame for other people's mistakes.
You must bear at least some responsibility for what has happened.