Differences that had seemed slight when they were in their early twenties now bore social weight.
His arms were numb, his hands too weak to bear his weight.
I went down the steps, slowly, enjoying the way each step bore my weight.
As a foundation it is inadequate to bear the weight of the case that Mr. McGregor sought to build upon it.
If the floor is properly framed, you should not need extra support underneath to bear the weight of the fireplace.
The Hooper who existed in Brideshead Revisited, though, bore all the weight of Waugh's opprobrium.
Perhaps this distinction is too little to bear the weight placed on it.
But to my mind neither section 8 nor the Gillick decision will bear the weight which he seeks to place upon them.
My leg was painful, and I wasn’t sure it would bear my weight.
He carried a tray bearing a bottle and several glasses.
The wedding guests arrived, bearing gifts.
The US Constitution states that the people have a right to bear arms.
The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
An oak table bore several photographs of the family.
A messenger arrived, bearing a letter from the ambassador.
At the head of the procession a group of dark-suited men bore the coffin into the church.
The tunnel would have needed to be extremely strong to bear the full weight of the earth above.
The baby's narrow neck looked too fragile to bear the weight of its head.
Esquires are described simply as men who bear arms.
The total census of the towns comes to just under 300,000 people of whom some 60,000 were capable of bearing arms.
There is no constitutional right to bear arms.
Women who choose to find employment in military institutions want therefore to be allowed to bear arms and to fight.
He was just doing his job, and I bore him no malice.
Even back then it was clear they were bearing a grudge.
It would not do to have Miss Blagden imagine she bore any grudge.
Lets hope they don't bear a grudge!
He said both men came from deprived backgrounds and bore a grudge against the area in which they lived.