Students weren't sure who to believe.
I had always believed Catherine to be absolutely honest in money matters.
You can't believe everything you read in the papers.
Well, he was not what Shula believed him to be.
Did the police believe his story?
We believe human rights are more important than economic considerations.
I asked them for a $10,000 loan, and believe it or not they said yes.
I told them I didn't do it, but no one believed me.
The party believes strongly that health care should be provided for everyone.
Both sides firmly believe that a peace settlement is now possible.
Some experts believe that adrenaline provides the body with the extra boost it needs to make up for lost sleep.
Labour still believes that it has a better story about its own plans for improving public services than the Tories.
Police believe that the money was stolen by a gang of youths.
People used to believe that the sun moved around the earth.
I firmly believe that we are responsible for what happens to us in our lives.
The suit was settled last month, days before former Crypto engineers were to testify that they believed the machines were altered.
Disney executives believe the porcelain models will become another lucrative spin off for their cartoon empire.
But people like Shakiri do not believe there can be a peaceful solution to the crisis.
We believe a much better understanding of the environmental implications of using secondary aggregates is urgently required.
And as in folk medicine generally, if you believe it will help, it probably will.
Harald died three months later, I believe of a broken heart.
I believe that I should be receiving a refund.
I can't believe that Rosen was offended.
But one look at the line and it is obvious that few actually believe the ascent could be that hard.
The Department of Transport believes the warm weather encourages more drink-driving ... with horrifying results.
But adults say they believe there are tastier burgers elsewhere, a disturbing fact when Census Bureau trends show an aging population.
Yet he avoids shows of emotion and personal feeling because he believes they are destructive. 