Terrified, she threw herself from the first floor apartment window, breaking her spine in two places.
So he went at me, but I ducked and he hit the shelf - he broke his thumb in two places!
The frames are made of plastic and they tend to break quite easily.
He kept pulling at the rope until it broke.
I had to break a window to get into the house.
Don’t lean on the fence like that – you’ll break it!
The washing machine’s broken again.
The government succeeded in breaking the unions.
The 18-year-old with size 18 feet just can't stop breaking records.
Instead of watching the scoreboard this week for broken records, the play-by-play announcer is watching the thermometer.
Eventually, human champions will stop breaking records too.
I said, Listen, man, the broken record was pressed by somebody else, not me.
I'd once helped her break a habit.
These three actions are vastly superior to breaking a habit by will-power alone.
It is important to understand that we are breaking a habit, for we have been conditioned to react in this way.
Marvin gave me a smart kick under the table, nearly breaking the skin on my shin.
Mr Eastwood argues it would break ties with local communities.
Personnel changes confirmed the new liberalism in the Soviet Union and the attempt to break links with past behaviour.
Sometimes it is necessary to break family ties in order to protect the child.
They could not break her spirit.
The spirit of our soldiers will never be broken.
I never listen to music when I'm working - it breaks my concentration.
The slightest sound would break his concentration.
At last the power of the Church had been broken.
The company has threatened to hire 700 new workers in order to break the 10-month-old strike.
The government has threatened to bring in the army to break the 10-month-old strike.
Senior officials will meet again in October in an attempt to break the deadlock.
Three minutes before the interval Millen struck to break the deadlock and Love made it two a minute later.
Perhaps here was the key to break the deadlock, the key to the throne of the Wyrmberg.
But birthday boy Wright was waiting to break the deadlock with the goal he had been seeking all night.
Losing his business nearly broke him.
I won’t be broken by him.
We need to break the cycle of poverty and crime in the inner cities.
We took turns driving, in order to try and break the monotony.
New talks will begin on Monday in an effort to break the deadlock.
She fell downstairs and broke her hip.
The phone rang and broke my train of thought.
Someone laughed suddenly and the spell was broken.
Do not use this product if the seal has been broken.
How did you manage to break the microwave?
I don't know what she did, but she managed to break the sewing machine.
He broke the biscuit in half and handed one piece to me.
Break the chocolate into small pieces and melt it over a gentle heat.
The midsection of the plane is broken nearly in two.
He would have broken it in two and made us watch him do it.
She takes out another donut, breaks it in half and offers it to me.
He could have broken me in two with one hand, but he could not break my spirit.
He kept pulling at the rope until it broke.
I had to break a window to get into the house.
Terrified, she threw herself from the first floor apartment window, breaking her spine in two places.
She dropped the plate and it broke into pieces.
The boat hit a rock and broke in half.
The glass broke into hundreds of pieces.
Break the cauliflower into florets.
The plane broke into three pieces.
As we gathered to break bread, a sense of thanksgiving ran through us.
She dropped a plate and it broke.