The best protection is to get out of the sun before you get burned.
Fritter should turn golden brown but not burn.
Does styrofoam burn?
Someone had dropped a cigarette and burned a hole in the carpet.
Over 35 houses burned as wildfire swept through the town.
Christmas lights burned brightly all around town.
At one end of the room a coal fire burned brightly.
Our bodies are designed to burn carbohydrates and store fats.
The engine only burns diesel fuel.
They arrived within minutes to save the building from being burnt down.
She burnt her arm on a camping stove.
There was a hot fire in the potbellied stove and an oil lamp burning high on a table in the corner.
Marcus burned his hand on the stove.
She lit a fire and burned his letters one by one.
Most of the garbage is burned in a pit behind the building.
Jerry was badly burned in the explosion.
A pile of branches was burning in the yard.
Miguel was angry enough to burn it.
There were signs, however, that she might burn out.
Oh no, I burned the toast!
Most of his possessions had been burnt to a cinder.
Hard woods generally don't burn well.
The candle flickered briefly, then burned with a steady flame.
Don't touch the iron. You'll burn yourself.
Andrew was forced to return to Britian because the medical unit he was working with was burnt to the ground.
The headquarters was burnt to the ground.
Buses were destroyed and a luxury tourist hotel burnt to the ground, although no holidaymakers were injured.
Governor Dulcitius had her sisters burnt at the stake.
He was then burnt at the stake.
Refusing to recant his doctrines as heretical, he was condemned to be burnt at the stake at Konstanz.
I burnt all his old letters.
Cars were burned and shops were looted during the rioting.
The Grand Hotel had burnt to the ground.
Make sure the iron isn’t too hot or you’ll burn the cloth.
He dropped his cigarette and burnt a hole in the carpet.
I burned my hand on the oven door.
She was badly burned in a road accident.
Sixteen passengers were burned to death.
A family of five were burned alive in their home last night.
Heretics were burnt at the stake.
I burn quite easily.
Don’t forget you can still get burnt when you’re swimming or when it’s cloudy.
Her face and neck were quite badly burned.
I’m afraid I’ve burnt the pizza.
The meat was burned to a crisp.
Quite a lot of household chemicals can burn your skin.