Susan has changed a lot since I last saw her.
Changing your eating habits is the best way to lose weight.
The leaves on trees change colour in the autumn.
He changed from being a nice lad to being rude and unhelpful.
The hissing sound gradually changed into a low hum.
A witch had changed him into a mouse.
Mueller changed his name to Miller when he became a U.S. citizen.
She changed jobs in May.
The company has recently changed to a more powerful computer system.
The ship changed course and headed south.
The company has had to change direction because of developments in technology.
Piper awkwardly tried to change the subject (=talk about something else).
Three boys were changing a tyre by the side of the road.
When I lost my keys, we had to change all the locks.
The time of the meeting has been changed from 11:00 to 10:30.
I bought these gloves for my daughter, but they’re too large. Can I change them for a smaller size?
Rick hasn't changed. He looks exactly the same as he did at school.
We examined changing attitudes towards education.
The company failed to adapt to changing circumstances.
Things have changed dramatically since then.
Her life changed completely when she won the lottery.
My attitude to life has changed with age.
Fame hasn't really changed him.
That experience changed my life.
The internet has changed the way people work.
Caracas changed from a small town into a busy city.
His anger changed to sadness.
Caterpillars change into butterflies.
The lights changed to green.
The lights changed from red to green.
He managed to change the mood from tense to relaxed in minutes.
Leaves change colour in autumn.
The wind has changed direction.
Our ship changed course.
The fruit changes colour as it ripens.
I didn't change my name when I got married.
That back tyre needs changing.
We change our car every two years.
The law was changed in 2001.
We asked the waiter if we could change tables.
This shirt I bought's too small—I'll have to change it for a bigger one.
Of course we'll change it for a larger size, Madam.