Harry climbed the stairs.
Boys were climbing trees along the river bank.
The wall is too high to climb over.
They climbed up into the loft of the old barn.
The bus pulled in, and we climbed aboard.
John climbed through the window into the kitchen.
I turned the TV on and climbed into bed.
Trying not to look down, Alan began to climb.
Burglars climbed a chain-link fence to gain access to the building.
The burglar escaped by climbing down a drainpipe.
We saw a group of people climbing El Capitan in Yosemite.
We climbed into the cockpit to face the morning sun.
Jinju stayed awhile longer before climbing to her feet.
Most kids love climbing trees.
One of the boys lost his footing as he was climbing up the steepest part of the cliff.
Hillary and Tenzing were the first men to climb Mount Everest.
She loves to hike and climb.
Outside, he climbed into a new minibus.
Go to the bathroom every fifteen minutes, climbing over him, explaining each time that you have a prostate problem.
Phillis began to climb over him.
After great difficulty, she brought the boat close enough so that the young man could climb into it.
Something else, something as he passed the door of the Volvo to climb into the boot.
Without glancing back at the house, he climbed into the cab of the Land Rover.
Ahab fears his own feelings and thus, he climbs into the mast head himself in order to watch for the whales.
He climbed over the refrigerators and dropped into the straw beside her.
He climbed into bed and lay on his side, not moving and scarcely breathing.
They can often be seen climbing up creosoted telegraph-poles in a vain search for food.
We climb up granite bluffs overlooking vast beds of mussel and seaweed, from which we search the horizon for unknown islands.
Emmie had climbed into her hiding place on the roof of the old summer-house, to smoke.
He watched her intently as she per-formed this habitual act-then climbed into her lap and let her hold him.
Without glancing back at the house, he climbed into the cab of the Land Rover.
They climbed into the car and she took off at maximum golf cart speed.
Below us the narrow road twisted upon itself as it began to climb up through the steep foothills.
I climbed through the window.
She opened the passenger door and climbed in.
The boys climbed over the wall.
Sue climbed into bed.