Organizers have already collected 650 signatures.
Rain collecting at the tip of the rock has formed huge icicles.
Profit fell because the company was unable to collect claims against the oil buffer fund.
Historians are skilled in collecting facts and interpreting them.
I've got a parcel to collect from the post office.
Her father sent a taxi to collect her from the hotel.
You collect interest of 1.13% a month when you're in credit.
Anyone who collects jazz records should buy this book. It's full of information on old recordings.
I had duly collected Nigel's ashes.
If condensation collects on the inside of the window, wipe it off with a clean cloth.
Rent is collected once a month.
An hour or so before the press conference, a crowd begin to collect outside the building.
A crowd was starting to collect outside the theatre to await the arrival of the prime minister.
Nigel's hobby is collecting rare books.
After 25 years of collecting recipes, Barber has compiled them into a cookbook.
I've been collecting samples of the different types of rock which occur in this area.
He's been collecting signatures of voters to get the measure on the ballot.
They collected the garbage like their jobs depended on it, cheaper and better.
The building uses solar panels for collecting the sun's heat.
They feed by collecting tiny particles from the water.
As the tide came in, water collected to form small pools among the rocks.
People who are collecting welfare checks usually really need them.
The next day, the parents took the children into the woods to collect wood; each got one piece of bread.
The landlady came around once a month to collect the rent.
After 25 years of collecting recipes, she has compiled them into a cookbook.
The company collects information about consumer trends.
We’ve been out collecting signatures for our petition.
Rain collected in pools on the road.
I didn’t know what to do with it, so it just sat there collecting dust.
Redgrave collected his fifth Olympic gold medal in Sydney.
He started to collect art seriously soon after the turn of the century.
He began collecting antiquities in 1785.
Dirt had collected in the corners of the room.
Water had collected on the flat roof.
We seem to have collected an enormous number of boxes.
It’s amazing how she collects friends.
I've been out collecting, knocking on peoples doors and asking them for money.