At issue is a coffee table book chronicling 24-hours in cyberspace on which Smolan and the Media Lab were to collaborate.
Those suspected of collaborating during the occupation were tried and shot
Children have choices in literary activities; they collaborate in pairs, in small groups, and with their teachers.
Educators and employers need to collaborate in preparing the next generation for employment and adulthood.
Second, there is the inclination of followers in some circumstances to collaborate in their own deception.
They're referring, of course, to his brother Edgar, with whom he has collaborated often in the past.
In other words the members would also begin to collaborate on foreign policy matters.
Researchers in Stanford and Princeton collaborated to manufacture a completely new waterproof textile.
How can employees and their managers collaborate to soften the inevitable collisions between work and those other roles?
Hewlett Packard collaborated with Nokia to produce the palmtop-telephone.
Fellini collaborated with Rossellini on the script of the film.
He was imprisoned in 1945 for collaborating with the enemy.
The importance of collaborating with the patient's general practitioner is emphasized.
Joe sat down at his portable typewriter and pecked out the words as Wallace and Vincent collaborated in dictating the message.
The group also collaborate in offering food to the young still in the nest.
Children have choices in literary activities; they collaborate in pairs, in small groups, and with their teachers.
The police often collaborate in producing an expectancy effect.
It collaborates in prototype development and is testing a variety of gasifiers with its transport and planting fleets.
Second, there is the inclination of followers in some circumstances to collaborate in their own deception.
Rosenfeld and Saul Bellow used to collaborate in translating Eliot into Yiddish.
Insurance companies may collaborate in working out loss probabilities and this leads to uniformity in premium rates.
The two nations are collaborating on several satellite projects.
During the late seventies, he collaborated with the legendary Muddy Waters.
Researchers are collaborating to develop the vaccine.
Elephants collaborate in looking after their young.