Let me know when they come.
Can you come here for a minute?
Come a bit closer and you’ll be able to see better.
What time will you be coming home?
There was a knock on the door and a young woman came into the room.
I could see a figure coming towards me.
As they came down the track, the car skidded.
I’ve come to see Philip.
I’ll come and help you move the rest of the boxes.
Come and look at this!
Jess came flying round the corner and banged straight into me.
What day are your folks coming to dinner?
Ah, here comes the bus at last!
Which way did you come?
They came over the mountains in the north.
Legend has it that the tribe came from across the Pacific Ocean.
Will you be coming by train?
Have you come far today?
I’ve come a long way to see you.
Some of the birds have come thousands of miles to winter here.
They continued until they came to a river.
She came to work wearing a very smart suit.
They came as far as the gate.
People came from all over the country.
Your breakfast is coming soon.
Have any letters come for me?
Help came at last.
People came from all over the world to settle here.
Let me know if any more mail comes.
He came to England by ship.
If you come late, the doctor may not be able to see you.
I've come for my book.
I've come to get my book.
He came looking for me.
I've come for those books you promised me.
I've come to see Mrs Cooper.
We’re going for a drink this evening. Would you like to come?
I asked Rosie if she’d like to come with us.
It should be good fun. Why don’t you come along?
But if you come to dinner tomorrow we can talk about the old days.
Why haven't you come to lunch with me?
Winter came early that year.
We come here every summer.
What time is Dad coming home?
My mother's saying she won't come if Richard's here.
You should have come to the concert -- it was really good.
We're going to Ben's - do you want to come along?
We were having a good time until Ronnie came along.
Please come to my party on September 10th.
Are you coming to the theatre with us this evening?
I'm sorry, I won't be able to come.
Despite all the publicity, not many people came.
If you can't come to the meeting, let us know in advance.