They want to see the text of the proposed treaty before fully committing themselves.
Making an application does not commit you to anything.
Borrowers should think carefully before committing themselves to taking out a loan.
Both sides committed themselves to settle the dispute peacefully
He has now committed us to buying the house.
We need people to commit themselves to regular voluntary work.
Both candidates refused to commit themselves to tax cuts.
Several countries were reluctant to commit themselves to the treaty.
You don't have to commit yourself now—just think about it.
Why are so many men scared to commit?
The council has committed large amounts of money to housing projects.
The University committed substantial funds to assisting mature students.
He has clearly committed his government to continuing down the path of economic reform.
Meeting them doesn’t commit us to anything.
I’d committed myself and there was no turning back.
The banks have committed themselves to boosting profits by slashing costs.
Anna wants to get married, but Bob’s not sure he wants to commit.
He has not yet committed to any of the candidates.
A lot of money has been committed to this project.
But she is not committed to this place anymore.
The state of Florida will commit $58 million for a new research facility.
Fernando wasn't married but he was committed.
He committed himself to a singularly foolish plan for Empire Free Trade.
I haven't wanted to commit myself to anyone until now.
The World Health Organisation has called for individual developing countries to commit themselves to decade programmes.
How far does she commit herself to Proteus, and does she really criticise herself?
A searcher becomes a believer when he chooses and commits himself to the consequences of his choice.
Young people still need to learn how to commit to a job and have goals for themselves.
The church is committed to changing the role it allows women.
The organization needs volunteers who can commit to work four hours a week.