We communicated mostly by e-mail.
People use more than words when they communicate with each other.
The decision was communicated to our staff late in 1998.
A baby communicates its needs by crying.
Without meaning to, she communicated her anxiety to her child.
His enthusiasm communicated itself to the voters.
A teacher must be able to communicate effectively to students.
Many couples make themselves miserable by not communicating.
Parents sometimes find it difficult to communicate with their teenage children.
Now that we live in different cities, we communicate by e-mail.
He is able to communicate using a special keyboard, which is connected to a computer.
This message is not being communicated to staff.
Jack and I just aren't communicating anymore.
Now that we live in different cities, we communicate by e-mail.
Improper behavior by individual political actors or by government agencies is exposed and widely communicated by investigative reporters.
The course is designed to enable people to communicate effectively in speech and writing.
Andrea smiled at Jamie, communicating her affection for him with her eyes.
She tried to communicate her fears to her mother.
She's clever, but she can't communicate her ideas.
They couldn't communicate in writing, because William was illiterate.
During this time you will have developed the personal credibility to communicate persuasively at top management level.
The day before he died he tried desperately to communicate something to me.
These instruments are key to communicating train delays and platform changes.
In this modern environment, there is no need to communicate with anybody.
Does Raymond communicate with Della Guardia first, or does he go downstairs to address the faithful?
Ali was never allowed out, but managed to communicate with his brothers by shouting.
Many parents find it difficult to communicate with their teenage sons or daughters.
The most important thing is to communicate with your partner at the back.
You can communicate your mood to your baby without realising it.
We established a policy and communicated it to everyone involved.
She unintentionally communicated her anxiety to her son.