Any child between the ages of 8 and 12 is allowed to compete.
But you've got to compete.
Bailey has competed against athletes half his age and won.
The cities are competing against each other to attract and retain business.
Flocks of executives entered the company from competing firms, bringing different styles, values, and corporate cultures with them.
Children will always compete for their parents' attention.
But they do compete in advanced services like electronic mail and computer-data networks.
Athletes from 197 counties competed in the Olympic Games in Atlanta.
Nowadays we have to compete more and more with foreign companies.
But she hated having to compete when it was cold.
An educational game in which up to four players compete with animals for a set amount of food.
Small independent bookstores just can't compete with national chains and online retailers.
Fujitsu, Hitachi, and NEC are competing with US firms to build the world's fastest supercomputer.
Very generally, there are always two fracture mechanisms competing to break a material - plastic flow and brittle cracking.
Though funds are scarce, conservation teams from around the world compete to get in on this important and prestigious project.
Several advertising agencies are competing to get the contract.
Suppose that the number of firms competing to produce a good in one country is smaller than the number in another.
You create an atmosphere of stress, creative stress, everyone competing to solve one problem.
Numerous firms competed to supply markets at prices which none controlled.
Political parties compete to win elections by submitting distinct programmes from which the electorate can choose.
As a stepmother, don't even try to compete with the children's mother for their love.
The songs of the birds competed with the sound of the church bells.
She won three world championship medals and competed in 25 major international meets.
Even the payment of players was regulated in such a way as to prevent clubs competing in a free market for talent.
The professional is for car hi-fi dealers to compete in and is a competition in its own right.
Nevertheless, by age 5, she was competing in regional music festivals.
Ex-USF star Wilson Stephens will compete in the 6-3-and-over consolation final.
This enabled me still to compete in the Hammersmith and London Schools.
Professional athletes may now compete at the Olympics.
They found themselves competing with foreign companies for a share of the market.
The Renault Clio competes against such cars as the Peugeot 206.
How many runners will be competing in the marathon?
Professional athletes may now compete at the Olympics.
She and her sister are always competing for attention.
I had to compete against 19 other people for the job.