The railway link would connect Felixstowe with Fishguard.
Connect the speakers to the CD player.
We’d like two rooms with connecting doors.
Click here to connect to the Internet.
Has the phone been connected yet?
The power supply should be connected by a qualified electrician.
Please hold the line. I’m trying to connect you.
I didn’t connect the two events in my mind.
There is no evidence to connect them with the attack.
The two lakes are connected by a narrow canal.
Regional networks evolved from networks that originally connected geographically proximate universities.
The Golden Gate Bridge connects San Francisco with Marin County.
The umbilical cord connects the baby to the placenta.
I'd probably know Phil by sight, but I just can't connect the face and the name.
Jennings has twisted the ligaments which connect the knee-cap and the lower part of the leg.
The hoses which connect the radiator to the engine are leaking.
Have you connected the speakers to the amplifier?
The scanner is connected to a computer that prints the name and price of each grocery item at the checkout.
Millions of people tried to connect to the site, but only thousands got in.
Home workers are connected with the office by the Internet.
It is the sensation connected with this muscle activity that we associate with having weight.
Please hold. I'll try to connect you.
On the first floor there would be four equal open bays, with no connecting doors.
The Cabinet committee over, we went through the connecting doors to Number 10 itself and a meeting of the full Cabinet.
A corridor connects his office with the main building.
The canal was built to connect the city with the port.
The two bedrooms connect.
There is a connecting door between the two bedrooms.
There were buses that connected the two villages not only to each other but also with the city.
All the clients and all the servers are connected to one another by the Internet.
A hose pipe was connected to the exhaust.
Bad diet is closely connected with many common illnesses.
I think Seb was connected to the murder.
I was feeling alive and connected to nature.
The entire family is connected to the Mafia.
The police were looking for evidence to connect him with the crime.
Those details are only loosely connected to the plot.
Connect the machine to the power supply.
Downstairs toilets were connected directly to the drains.
I missed the connecting flight.
This train connects with the one to Glasgow.
From Toronto you can connect to all other Air Canada destinations.
His flight to Amsterdam connects with an afternoon flight to New York.
There's a connecting flight at noon.
You can catch a train connecting with a ferry to Ireland.
My connecting plane didn't depart for another six hours. 