An economic plan to control inflation.
Development in areas of outstanding natural beauty is strictly controlled.
Strict measures were taken to control the spread of foot and mouth disease.
It is essential for businesses to control costs.
Government attempts to control immigration.
Local industries were tightly controlled.
Many biological processes are controlled by hormones.
Try to control your breathing.
They built a reservoir to control the flow of water.
Parents should control what their kids watch on television.
Conditions in the greenhouse are carefully controlled.
Expenditure within the company is tightly controlled.
The government has announced new measures to control immigration
This government has failed to control inflation.
Time out is an effective way of controlling aggressive behaviour.
In many countries the production of the drug is illegal or tightly controlled.
Firefighters are still trying to control the blaze.
Most of the symptoms can be controlled with medication.
Symptoms can be controlled in most patients.
His diabetes can be controlled by diet.
He had an emergency operation in which surgeons attempted to control the bleeding.
Health-care reform is intended to control costs and provide medical care for everyone.
She exercises to control her weight.
My view of the future is controlling illegal immigration but respecting people who are legally here.
The fire was controlled later Tuesday night.
Miss Weston is having difficulty controlling the children in that class.
If you can't control your dog, you should put it on a leash.
Government forces have proved incapable of controlling the rebels.
Mounted police had been called to control the crowds.
The clubs were found guilty of failing to control their fans.
She was given drugs to control the pain.
Nathan tried to control his crying.
I wish he'd learn to control his temper.
She was really annoying me, but I managed to control myself and not say anything.
She was struggling to control her temper.
The clerk could scarcely control his excitement.
He was finding it hard to control his feelings.
I was so furious I couldn't control myself and I hit him.