Such a power could, more than anything, prove to be the greatest single incentive to cooperate.
We'll be all right if the weather cooperates.
Hernandez and Brown said they anticipate that Congress will cooperate and grant the city Medicare and Medicaid waivers.
Then the members might agree to cooperate, and to join in punishing any member who defects.
The administration is willing to cooperate and work toward peace.
Finance ministers and central bankers agreed to cooperate closely to sustain the strength of the pound.
As Katherine remembers it, I was so thrilled with the compliment that I cooperated from then on.
Traditionally management has called upon workers to cooperate in increasing productivity.
Roman Catholics, however, emphasizing the role of free will, believe that humans can cooperate in their salvation through actions.
These three countries agreed to cooperate soon after the Second World War.
Aid agencies and UN forces are cooperating to get food supplies to the people who need them.
For safety they should cooperate when local authorities display signs, warning that the seashore is dangerous.
Torrez pleaded guilty last March and is cooperating with prosecutors.
They're cooperating to achieve common goals.
For some megapodes, two brothers cooperate to help a female build her mound.
The two casts of characters, although ostensibly cooperating to solve a crime of mutual interest, detest each other.
Oncogenes cooperate to transform cells and render them tumorigenic.
She cooperated fully in the project in a most commendable spirit of scientific interest.
We're prepared to cooperate fully with any security council inquiry.
The two universities are to cooperate in the development of a new industrial process.
They agreed to cooperate with Brazil on a programme to protect the rain forests.
Lions cooperate with each other when hunting game.
As chairman I was anxious to cooperate with Mr Baker as far as possible.
The church seeks to cooperate closely with local schools.
Both sides agreed to cooperate to prevent illegal fishing in the area.