They were just correcting a historical anomaly: the South's post-Civil War aversion to the Republican Party.
It will take us some time to correct all the mistakes.
Speech therapy helped correct her lisp.
She spent all night correcting her students' math tests.
Twenty minutes wasted, he thought, then corrected himself.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but haven't we met before?
He was in the habit of correcting minor errors of grammar or usage.
Is there any way of politely correcting someone's grammar?
Teachers spend many hours correcting students' assignments.
The problem was caused by faulty software and was corrected Sunday.
If one trespasses beyond the limits, he quietly corrects the fault in a plea, never a paroxysm.
The figure was given as $500; it was later corrected to $1000.
In time, these things tend to correct themselves.
Or her mouth shut, Trent corrected himself.
Twenty minutes wasted, he thought, then corrected himself.
He remembered the last time he had seen his father - Dermot Corcoran, he corrected himself - alive.
Well, not exactly no one, she corrected herself, for she knew Tina would not be embarrassed or afraid.
No, I correct myself: for the wrong reason.
No, that wasn't quite true, she corrected herself, frowning.
Read through your work and correct any mistakes that you find.
I thought we had corrected the problem.
Their eyesight can be corrected in just a few minutes by the use of a laser.
They issued a statement correcting the one they had made earlier.
He stopped and corrected himself. ‘I mean fifteen, not fifty.’
The data were corrected for differences in age.
At this stage you should be able to correct at least some of your own mistakes.
I'd like to correct the impression that my client has any kind of criminal record.
Minor problems with eyesight can now be corrected in a few seconds.
They issued a statement correcting what they had said earlier.
It's simply not true that teachers no longer correct bad spellings.
When I've corrected your assignments, I want you to write them out again.