Are there any areas you feel are not covered adequately in the book?
‘Exercise’ is a word which covers a vast range of activities.
We need more time to cover so much ground.
Pollutants that are not covered by the Kyoto agreement.
The legislation was felt to be a success, for in 1898 the types of crimes covered by it were expanded.
A 32-page supplement covers European culture and lifestyle.
The Ideal Home Decorating School gives you details of exclusive courses that cover everything from paint effects to dried flowers.
The book covers more than 70 local small breweries and gives all the pertinent data for each.
The sections cover news writing, feature writing, interviewing, editing and newsletter production.
His book on European history covers the period from 1914 to 2001.
He is also an artist who covered enormous ground.
In emphasising the place which the child played in his own learning process, Plowden was not covering new ground.
The tax may be extended to cover books.
We've hardly covered a quarter of the course.
He manages the sales team covering the northern part of the country.
The lectures covered a lot of ground.
The survey covers all aspects of the business.
The articles cover a wide range of subjects.
Each podcast covers a different topic.
The sales team covering the northern part of the country.
Most policies cover accidental damage to pipes.
The treatment wasn’t covered by her health care insurance.
Are we covered for theft?
He thought he was covered to drive the vehicle.
Most health insurers don't cover any surgery that is done for cosmetic reasons.
This policy should cover you against accidental injury.
Does this policy cover my husband to drive?
Their insurer paid the £900 bill, even though the policy did not strictly cover it.
These items are not covered by your medical insurance.
You should take out travel insurance covering you and your family against theft.
The law covers four categories of experiments.
The Oxford Chemistry Primers aim to cover important topics in organic chemistry.
Other subjects covered included nerves and how to overcome them.
The oil company declined to say how much more it might bump up prices to cover its costs.
Therefore, a higher product price is necessary to cover these rising costs.
On the other hand, if the firm falls short of covering its fixed costs, a loss will be incurred.
Some, although few, home contents policies have a reverse indemnity clause which may cover costs and damages in some cases.
The fee covers the costs of processing requests and maintaining the database.
In addition there is a £20m exceptional charge to cover the costs of recent flooding.
The departments would only have to cover the costs of training and equipping them.
Don't worry, I've got enough to cover your ticket.
The award should be enough to cover her tuition fees.
Airlines are raising fares to cover the rising costs of fuel.
$100 should cover your expenses.
The show barely covered its costs.
Your parents will have to cover your tuition fees.
$29.90 a month covers the cost of all your insurance.
Send it to the address given with £1.50 to cover postage and administration.
Those figures might not even cover the cost of breakages.