Ron does nothing but criticize and complain all the time.
The decision has been strongly criticized by teachers.
The new law has been widely criticized.
He has been criticized for incompetence.
Doctors have criticized the government for failing to invest enough in the health service.
The report has been criticized as inaccurate and incomplete.
Public transport has been severely criticized in the report.
His attorney sharply criticized the police yesterday.
The fashion industry is frequently criticized for presenting extremely thin models as beautiful.
They openly criticized the government’s handling of the crisis.
He was criticized for not being tough enough with the terrorists.
Stop criticizing my friends!
It’s easy to criticize, but not so easy to offer helpful solutions.
It's easy to criticize, but managing a football team can be an extremely difficult job.
In this chapter, the inductivist account of science will be criticized by casting doubt on the third of these assumptions.
Though his subsequent report did not directly criticize Campbell, it did attack the overall structure of the police and judiciary.
It was not undertaken to support, refute or criticize contemporary urban and regional theory.
I meet with several other artists and we criticize each other's work.
The United Nations was criticized for failing to react sooner to the crisis.
She would never have thought of criticizing his hardness.
Jackson declined to criticize his opponent, choosing instead to focus on his own message.
Stop criticizing my driving!
Moreover, the students are culturally expected to criticize not only the university itself but the entire society.
The question is not just whether it criticizes the Conservative Party but when it criticizes the Conservative Party.
The President criticized the proposal as expensive and impractical.
People are always criticizing the Royal family, but I think they do a good job.
It was strongly criticized by a majority of the Congress and by both business and the trade unions.
The larger estates were heavily criticized for absent or late provision of social and community facilities.
Yet the president is sharply criticized for convening a national forum to discuss our racial divisions.
Social services departments were strongly criticized in the 1980s for not taking more effective action to protect children at risk.