But later the deputies set the stage for possible compromise by agreeing to debate a referendum after all.
The government clearly refuses to give us an opportunity to debate any longer.
The matter will be debated by the General Assembly.
The new law was debated in Parliament on 14 February.
The Bundesbank central council will meet Thursday to debate interest-rate and monetary policy.
Few areas of nutrition are more hotly debated than whether or not people should take vitamin supplements.
We were debating the best way to reach the river, when a passing ranger kindly pointed it out.
We have spent three days debating the council tax.
They were no longer debating the rights of man at a Club for Equality and Reform.
Whilst the consequences of these changes may be hotly debated, their marketing impact on business enterprises has been immense.
They had already debated where to go on vacation, Yosemite or Lake Tahoe.
We debated whether to fly or go by train, finally deciding on the train.
Why is it that the Government do not want to debate what is happening in Renfrewshire?
She debated whether she would do the church first or the vicarage.
Reams of paper have been used to debate what tag-questions, for instance, mean.
And why do firms debate whether they are correctly leveraged?
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman, and he debated whether to go through with it.
Derek debated whether to telephone Charlotte Ladram and offer his condolences, but, in the end, he decided not to.
Today, there is no formal structure to investigate or even debate whether UFOs have skipped through our atmosphere.
Would it, Celia debated with herself, be wrong now to ask her to become a godparent?
I debated with myself but in the end, I could not bring myself to pack up and leave.
He returned to the quad, glumly debating with himself what to do next.
He debated with himself whether to stay and so risk capture or leave while the exit was clear.
I debated with myself whether I should tell anyone.
I’m still debating what to do.
For a moment Mary debated telling Rick the truth.
Meanwhile, philosophers debate whether it’s right to clone an individual.
The issue will be debated on Tuesday.
The president will open the debate.
The environmentalists seem to have lost the debate over the building of this road.
The poll showed that the Democrat won last night's presidential debate.
Many of these points were raised during the debate on prison reform.
The debate focused on who should pay for the changes.
Experts pore over the President's debate performances.
The union holds debates for students.
The motion under debate was put to a vote.
Three major issues have dominated the education debate.