Kelly had another good solid game, making a couple of very good runs forward, and using his pace when defending.
Freis defended a local radio station in a discrimination suit.
She has repeatedly tried to defend her husband against hostile criticism in the press.
Carson claims he was defending himself when he struck the other man.
Carey vigorously defended his fund-raising methods.
She is the current two-time defending national rhythmic gymnastics champion.
For 42 desperate minutes Boro defended stoutly, but held on.
The castle was built in 1549 to defend the island against invaders.
Hundreds of soldiers died while defending the town.
Her speech defended the workers' right to strike.
The union said they would take action to defend their members' jobs.
For the rest of the year they wander their home ranges or defend their territories against all-comers.
But if the worst happens, you have every right to defend yourself with reasonable force.
But I will not defend myself.
Much easier to turn on poor folk like Gladys Brown, who couldn't defend themselves.
So we have to defend ourselves.
She had only meant to defend herself, but it had come out all wrong.
The need to defend democracy against fascism.
He gave advice on how women can defend themselves from sex attackers.
We are defending the right to demonstrate.
We need to defend against military aggression.
The world champion was defending his title.
He is defending a Labour majority of 5,000.
He had top lawyers to defend him.
She successfully defended herself against an attack from someone larger and stronger.
The city was heavily defended against attack.
They attacked the left flank, which was only lightly defended.
The international community should step into defend the powerless.
The organization works to defend human rights wherever they are threatened.
Freedom must always be defended.
The ruling class will always defend its own interests.
People must be vigilant in defending civil liberties regardless of external threats.
They were forced to defend for long periods.
He is defending champion.
She will be defending her title at next month's championships.
The champion successfully defended his title against the American challenger.
He intends to defend his seat in the next election.
He has employed one of the UK's top lawyers to defend him.
Smith has announced that she will defend herself in the case.