This, clearly, is another key concept in the theory, so how is it defined?
The rest of the movie, however, is not as successful; motivations are unexplained and characters are less than defined.
They define a good patient as one who accepts their state-ments and their actions uncritically and unquestioningly.
Dietary fibre can be loosely defined as the cell-wall material of plants.
The dictionary defines it as "a narrow passage".
The outer boundary of a closed figure usually defines its size.
Early childhood educators are rarely involved in defining problems, shaping solutions, or choosing options.
Each of us might define the concept of freedom in a slightly different way.
It must define the target and the date by which it is to be achieved.
Some one else defines who they are and what they stand for as public figures.
Task alignment is easiest in small units... where goals and tasks are clearly defined.
All paths and tracks are well defined and mostly signposted; route-finding quite easy.
The clearly defined black spots and red bands of courage that set the rainbow apart from other trout are truly remarkable.
Within this framework, every character is sharply defined.
It was a wrenching moment for Feingold: He stood sharply defined against a background that was all too schematic.
His nose was long and straight and his mouth was sharply defined and beautifully shaped.
The duties of the post are difficult to define.
The tasks will be clearly defined by the tutor.
70% of the workers can be defined as low-paid.
I’ll now try to define the term ‘popular culture’.
A budget is defined as ‘a plan of action expressed in money terms’.
Define precisely what you mean by ‘crime’.
Social values are not easy to define.
The characters and story are well defined.
The northern boundary of the US was defined through negotiation with Great Britain.
We have chosen to define the scope of our study quite broadly.
There may be problems if responsibilities are not adequately defined.
This type of lymphoma is defined by the presence of specific malignant cells.
the culturally defined role of women
The horizontal and vertical angles of view define the limits of what is seen in the painting.
The Institute defines itself as the agency supporting basic biomedical research.
A ghost story may be broadly defined as a story concerned with the power of the dead to return and confront the living.
Thread count is defined as the number of threads in one square inch of fabric.
Marriage is defined broadly enough in everyday English to cover same-sex marriages as well as the different-sex kind.