Today's consumers are demanding a greater variety of produce.
Our customers demand quality and reliability most of all.
Angry demonstrators demanded the resignation of two senior officials.
I demand to know what’s going on.
They demanded that the military government free all political prisoners.
It seemed that no matter what she did, more was demanded of her.
Where are you going? she demanded angrily.
Stopped controversially in their first battle, Razor demanded a second go at Tyson.
How dare you say that! I demand an apology.
The laboratory was surrounded by protesters demanding an end to the animal experiments.
I demand an explanation for your appalling behaviour.
I caught Alice going through my letters and demanded an immediate explanation.
"Did you do this?" Kathryn demanded angrily.
Waster and the beggars scorned poor food and demanded better, fine bread instead of that with beans in it and well-cooked meat.
Parents are demanding greater control over their children's education.
The baby demands most of Cindy's time.
The receivers are informed that they are not allowed to ask questions nor to demand repeats of words or phrases.
Realizing that her husband had deceived her, she demanded that he tell her the whole truth.
State health inspectors have demanded that the city act immediately to clean the water supply.
You should demand that they finish the job now, not some time in August.
Just go to the dry cleaners, show them the dress, and demand that they pay for the damage.
The President demanded the release of the hostages.
Daley demanded to know why the police had not been called in to stop the rioting.
The guards demanded to see her I.D. before they allowed her in the building.
The police officer made Neil get out of the car and demanded to see his driver's licence.
The sheriff demanded to know how the solicitor had got hold of a confidential social inquiry report.
They failed to provide the information demanded of them.
They demanded to see the ambassador.
They're demanding a better deal for themselves and their families.
The group demands a high level of loyalty from its members.
He is also a cold-hearted killer when Queen and Country demand it of him.
He had demanded money from her.
You should demand an apology in writing.
Protesters demanded the resignation of the prime minister.