I’ve never denied that there is a housing problem.
I can’t deny her remarks hurt me.
Two men have denied murdering a woman at a remote picnic spot.
Jackson vehemently denied the allegations.
The government denied the existence of poverty among 16- and 17-year-olds.
The men have denied charges of theft.
Parry's appeal to the courts was denied.
I realized I'd been denying a lot of angry feelings toward my mother.
Bowlam denied all charges of selling drugs to children.
The hummocks denied any sure footing.
Up to 450 disaster victims were denied compensation by their insurers.
The defendants deny conspiracy to defraud.
The act of stealing denied everything she had been taught.
His parents denied him the opportunity to go to university.
I saw you do it, so don't try to deny it!
Did he actually deny meeting Jenny that night?
The singer denies that he copied the tune from an old Beatles song.
The network has denied the charges.
The foreman categorically denied there was any danger.
He has denied any involvement in the incident.
The company strongly denies wrongdoing.
A spokesperson refused to either confirm or deny the reports.
She denied that there had been a cover-up.
It can't be denied that we need to devote more resources to this problem.
There's no denying the fact that quicker action could have saved them.
He denies knowing anything about the plot.
He has categorically denied being involved in the fraud.
He has consistently denied murdering his estranged wife.
There is no denying the fact that she is an excellent scholar.
I know it was you I saw, so there's no use trying to deny it.
If anyone accuses me I shall simply deny it.
No one would deny that there is a very great need for change.
You can't deny that it seems a very attractive idea.
He denied accusations of corruption and mismanagement.
The company in March denied claims made in the lawsuit.
No physicist would deny the existence of gravity.
Denying the Holocaust is a crime in Germany.
Reality cannot be denied.
She denied all knowledge of the incident.
The department denies responsibility for what occurred.