The police asked her to describe the man.
Another approach to the problem is described in Chapter 3.
After the operation her condition was described as comfortable.
The youth is described as being 18 to 19 years old.
It’s difficult to describe how I feel.
So describe this new boyfriend to me!
He described finding his mother lying on the floor.
The need for time-cues to produce a body clock with a stable 24-hour period has already been described.
Piaget described and accounted for the change of schemata with accommodation.
It would be impossible to list them all or to describe how at different times they have been better or worse.
It's difficult to describe how I felt.
Our other project for this year was described in detail in the last Journal.
Many of the players to whom we spoke described in some detail their own experiences of playing when injured.
The brokerage we just described is but one example of an enterprise at odds with itself.
To describe myself as Black in a situation where most people shared my complexion was absurd.
Police described the attack as particularly violent.
This Navajo folk tale describes the creation of the Earth.
I tried to describe the feeling to my doctor, but she didn't understand.
Could you try and describe the man you saw?
I will also try to describe why, after a decade of using Macintosh, I still find it exhilarating.
How would you describe yourself?
The area I grew up in is described as semi-rural.
He described briefly what happened.
He goes on to describe very vividly how Caesar was stabbed to death.
He goes on to describe vividly how Lincoln was assassinated.
Observers have described the situation in the country as ‘serious’.
The shirt was variously described as ‘pink’, ‘salmon’ and ‘rose’.
Their daily lives are described in detail.
This process is fully described in section three of the book.
Words cannot describe our feelings at that moment.
Jim was described by his colleagues as ‘unusual’.
The current political situation in Vietnam is described in chapter 8.
Production data were collected and analysed by methods previously described for Trial 1.