Knowledge in the field of genetics has been developing very rapidly.
Corsica has developed its economy around the tourist industry.
Chicago developed into a big city in the late 1800s.
It’s hard to believe that a tree can develop from a small seed.
The interesting part of the movie is how the two women's relationship develops.
The Internet has developed at a remarkable rate.
And marriage developed everywhere to encourage men to stick around their children.
She developed from a shy child into an international star.
In less that 12 weeks the chicks will develop into adult birds.
Bradley develops these ideas further in his book.
The baby develops very quickly during the first few weeks of pregnancy.
Knowledge in the field of genetics has been developing very quickly.
The course is designed to help students develop their speaking skills.
The land was developed for low-cost housing.
We will develop a few of these points in the seminar.
3000 troops were sent to prevent the disturbances from developing into a full-scale civil war.
Joe had no athletic ability, and was developing into an overweight child.
Over the years the college developed into one of the finest language institutions in all of South East Asia.
Scouting helps teenagers develop into responsible adults.
There have been huge advances in our understanding of how children develop. 
It's hard to say at this stage how the market will develop.
These clashes could develop into open warfare.
Society begins to have an impact on the developing child.
He is trying hard to develop a loving relationship with his daughter.
Physicians need to develop a better understanding of this issue when providing care for older patients.
He's developed a real flair for management.
Their relationship has developed over a number of years.
The competition helps entrants develop ideas into business concepts.
From birth to age 5, a child's brain develops rapidly.
Some children develop more slowly than others.
Gradually these settlements developed into cities.
Human beings developed from earlier species of animals.
The place has rapidly developed from a small fishing community into a thriving tourist resort.
The aim is to develop your personal skills.
She developed the company from nothing.
She develops the theme more fully in her later books.
The piano then takes up the melody and develops it.
He began to develop these ideas in a series of paintings.
A lot of residents in town feel that it would be tragic if the land were developed for residential use.
They have not yet received any applications for planning permission to develop the site.