Some alcoholics develop liver disease.
Pneumonia can develop very quickly.
The oil tank had developed a small crack.
The plane developed engine trouble and was forced to land.
Trouble is developing in the cities.
Regional clashes could develop into larger quarrels.
In doing so, he developed a blister on his foot that turned into a diabetic ulcer.
We need to help young people develop a sense of responsibility while they're still at school.
The department is developing a strategy to fight unemployment.
The organization has developed a successful program to increase parents' involvement in schools.
In some patients, the disease develops very slowly.
However, it is now known that some corals can survive settling sediment and that even reefs may develop in muddy surroundings.
Clouds are developing over the mountains.
After her family brought her home from hospital, she developed pneumonia.
One in nine women will develop breast cancer.
It is possible to develop diabetes in adulthood.
They have developed drug addiction in the communities.
He claims that several countries have developed nuclear weapons secretly.
She developed lung cancer at the age of sixty.
Her son developed asthma when he was two.
The car developed engine trouble and we had to stop.
If symptoms develop, seek help quickly.
Problems can develop unexpectedly.
The conflict quickly developed into full-scale war.
The situation is developing into a crisis.
A crisis was rapidly developing in the Gulf.
We need more time to see how things develop before we take action.
We are gradually developing better treatments for these conditions.
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed.
The purpose of this project was to develop a systematic teaching method that would foster self-directed learning.
The aim is to develop a system which will cost under $10,000.
The company develops and markets new software.
It takes time to develop new technology.
We are developing products for different parts of the industry.
A new type of painkilling drug has recently been developed.