Broadway classics like "A Chorus Line" will never die.
The engine coughed and died.
She said she had ruined her eyes by crying too much when her husband died.
Yonatan Barnea also was a soldier on his way back to base when he died.
He was very sick and we knew he might die.
Many people are worried about growing old and dying alone.
By the time the white petals died and the mint-colored berry poked out, the leaf shine was gilded tight and waxy.
I must, I must, I will die if I remain silent.
In the spring of her 93rd year, Miss Grantley died in her sleep.
A 72 year old woman died of a perforated colon 11 days after completing the trial.
His son died of liver cancer three years ago.
The autopsy said he had died of natural causes, but his family is not convinced.
Her husband had died two years earlier.
Christopher and Matthew Key died when their parents' car collided with another on a waterlogged road.
No wonder your plants always die - you don't water them enough.
Company support slipped away and the adhesives programme died a natural death.
I want to see Ireland again before I die.
No wonder your plants always die – you don’t water them enough.
His son died of liver cancer three years ago.
He died in 1985 at the age of 76.
Her father died suddenly in an accident when she was only ten.
The animals died of starvation in the snow.
She died peacefully in her sleep at the age of 98.
Do you believe in anything enough to die for it?
She died young, at the age of 27.
The bullet went straight through his head, and he died instantly.
It must remain a secret until the day I die.
It was his dying wish that the house be opened to the public.
My uncle died a hero.
Did she die a natural death?
Her husband died suddenly last week.
That plant's died.
He died for his beliefs.
Her father died tragically in a car crash.
30,000 people died as a result of the earthquake.
A dog lay dying in the road.
I nearly died when they told me the price.
I thought I was going to die.
One of their children died in infancy.
She should be allowed to die peacefully.
The accident victim died from her injuries.
to die for your country
Her father died of cancer.
I'm not afraid to die.
She died a natural death.