Small groups allow people to interact, discuss and ask questions, which maximizes integration of learning.
The report will be discussed at next week's meeting.
The book discusses Columbus's voyages, including his landings in America.
Version 4.2 offers some new editing features in addition to those discussed earlier in this chapter.
The whole family got together to discuss funeral arrangements.
Only their Gothic Romance novels are listed below; any other romance works will be discussed in the appropriate chapters.
We never discuss our financial difficulties in front of the children.
White House officials met to discuss the budget.
Typically the conciliation officer will contact each party or their representatives to discuss the case.
We pray and discuss the Lords work.
Older people are inhibited about discussing the past because they sense that no-one is interested.
The two families got together to discuss the wedding arrangements.
I visited the local teacher's centre where I discussed this self-evaluation project and other similar projects with the warden.
Don't make any plans yet - I want to discuss this with Jamie first.
We need to discuss what kind of food we want at the party.
It is worth discussing your child's needs in detail and having a few rehearsal sessions before committing yourself to a job.
After the first two chapters, it discusses where and how to read art criticism.
In psychotherapy we began to discuss what Charles thought and felt about his life as a whole.
It went on to discuss what form the opinion should take, including where a reservation of opinion would be required.
She hadn't wanted to discuss what had happened.
He declined to discuss what his own company might do.
The class gathers weekly to share observations and discuss what they are finding.
Then they discussed what they had in mind for the publicity.
They are planning a trip together, arranging where to meet, discussing what to bring.
Your accountant will discuss with you how to complete these forms.
Pupils should be given time to discuss the book with their classmates.
If you would like to discuss the matter further, please call me.