The government has dismissed criticisms that the country’s health policy is a mess.
He just laughed and dismissed my proposal as unrealistic.
It’s an idea that shouldn’t be dismissed out of hand
The prime minister dismissed the possibility of an early election.
The Minister dismissed the notion that he had cut petrol tax because of the forthcoming by-election.
Both actors dismissed any idea of a romantic relationship between them.
The Transport Minister dismissed fears that the Cotswold railway line would close.
Some doctors still dismiss the disease as being just another type of flu.
The thin man poked the children and asked questions which the doctor dismissed.
Richards dismissed criticism that the Red Cross has not educated the public about AIDS.
We can not dismiss evil as some vague spiritual force that presides outside of human behavior.
The judge dismissed most of the police evidence, saying it was clearly fabricated.
He dismissed newspaper reports that he had expressed concern about the possibility of a recession.
The argument for higher tariffs cannot be dismissed out of hand.
One leader dismissed the conference's findings on the environment as unproven.
When this became tiresome, he tried to dismiss the game altogether, only to find that he could not.
Dismissing her fears, she climbed higher.
Former members of the band have dismissed talk of a comeback.
It is no longer possible to dismiss the link between climate change and carbon emissions.
She contemptuously dismissed their complaints.
The minister has dismissed all the allegations against him.
His plan was dismissed outright by his friends.
It is easy to dismiss him as nothing more than an old fool.
She dismissed their arguments as irrelevant.
Such reports are routinely dismissed as hysteria.
He dismissed her suggestion out of hand.
Many critics will casually dismiss these claims.
The criticisms were summarily dismissed by the government.
Rob is quick to dismiss the notion that his trip was horrific.
I think we can safely dismiss their objections.
His supporters dismissed the allegations as politically motivated.
Vegans are no longer dismissed as cranks.