The money will be divided equally among the charities.
Only a thin curtain divided her cabin from his.
The Wall used to divide East and West Berlin.
Scientists traditionally divide the oceans into zones.
The book is divided into six sections.
Here, the river divides into three channels.
She divides her time between New York and Paris.
The Berlin Wall used to divide East and West Berlin.
The chapel is divided from the rest of the church by a screen.
Some of the big old houses have been divided into apartments.
Mattress matters Conventional mattresses are divided into interior-sprung and foam models.
Clerical wives were divided into those who wore hats on principle and those who, on principle, did not.
A busy highway divides one half of the town from the other.
Cancer cells divide rapidly.
So it divided some of the spoils that resulted from the decision.
We divided the pizza into three and had a slice each.
Only a thin partition divides the room.
Between 2000 and 2015, well-educated, well-off Californians had more to bring them together than to divide them.
The unfertilised egg cell began to divide to produce embryos that sometimes developed well.
Fairly soon, the group will be divided up into pairs for free sparring.
He said that dividing up the company would make the units more profitable.
But health minister Marc-Yvan Cote said the monies won't be divided equally.
His three half-brothers united against him and subsequently the kingdom was divided equally.
Can it ever be right to divide a mother from her child?
The landowners were divided from the mass of poor peasants who lived in the surrounding area.
The story is about a father who divides his property among his sons.
Space is divided according to the needs of individual departments.
Most of the collection was divided among the city's museums.
They carefully divided up the cost of the vacations they took together.
The exhibition features the work of 60 artists, evenly divided between well-known and less-familiar figures.
The study divided consumers into five groups.
Films tend to divide into two categories: ‘art-house’ and ‘commercial’.
The performance is divided into six parts.
The children divided into three teams.
The country is divided up into nine regions.
They were randomly divided into three groups.
This report is divided broadly into two parts.
First, divide the class into two groups.
The city was divided into four sectors.
Flimsy partitions divided up the gallery into claustrophobic rooms.
We decided to divide the space with screens.
They divided their time between London and Boston.
They divide their time between New York and their ranch in New Mexico.