The fortress on top of the hill still dominates Barcelona harbour.
Her office is dominated by a large oak table where she spreads out her work.
Movie directing is a profession dominated by men.
Massive database management may be one area that could be dominated by optical technology.
It's almost embarrassing the way his Oxfordshire-based team have dominated Formula One this season.
It was obvious that her husband completely dominated her.
a very self-confident man with a dominating manner
Inland the wild and vast Presely Hills which dominate the area are well worth exploring.
A pair of red-and-gold boots dominated the display.
A handful of multinational companies dominate the economy.
The co-ops have longstanding political ties to the Liberal Democratic Party, which dominates the government.
It was invented in June 1983, but not until 1986 did it dominate the mortgage market.
A giant Ferris wheel dominates the skyline.
Men still tend to dominate the world of law - hardly any top judges are women.
You shouldn't allow your job to dominate your life like that.
The industry is dominated by five multinational companies.
New Orleans dominated throughout the game.
Her loud voice totally dominated the conversation.
Education issues dominated the election campaign.
The train crash dominated the news.
The elections continue to dominate the headlines.
Diet books dominate bestseller lists.
He dominates every scene he's in.
The cathedral dominates the city.
Arsenal dominated the first half of the match.
United completely dominated the first half of the game.
He tended to dominate the conversation.
As a child he was dominated by his father.
professions that were once dominated by men
These two regions continue to dominate the market for orange juice.
In the 1960s American styles dominated the art world.
The insurance market is totally dominated by the private pension organizations.
This is an attempt to control the multinational giants who dominate the chemical industry.
His work increasingly dominates his life.