The movie drew praise from critics.
His remarks drew an angry response from Democrats.
The review drew criticism as overly secretive.
However, he drew criticism for his lavish spending, both personal and public.
C-SPAN draws praise for informing people about government.
The influential role played by President Francesco drew criticism from some political quarters.
The overall standard of all the entries in the competition drew praise from the judges.
The plan has drawn a lot of criticism.
The announcement drew loud applause from the audience.
The proposal has drawn interest from local businessmen.
The reforms drew widespread support from voters.
Such a policy would inevitably draw fierce resistance from farmers.
The club's summer signings have drawn criticism.
What first drew you to teaching?
Beth felt strangely drawn to this gentle stranger.
The festival is likely to draw huge crowds.
Our aim is to draw attention to the plight of these children.
The exhibition drew great critical attention.
My eyes were drawn to the man in the corner.
Her gaze was drawn irresistibly to the scene outside.
The events continue to draw huge crowds.
The course draws students from all over the country.
Her screams drew passers-by to the scene.
The movie is drawing large audiences.
We asked the surfing champion what first drew him to the sport.
Animals are instinctively drawn to those who like them.
He was increasingly drawn to the idea of making short films.
He was waving his arms to draw their attention.
He just wants to draw attention to the plight of the unemployed.
What drew him to the area was its proximity to central London.
Cricket and horse-racing prospered, drawing good crowds and plenty of money.
It drew enormous crowds, as many as fifty thousand on a free day.
Such was the reputation of the school that it drew boys from all over the south of England.
Despite their current run of bad luck, the Giants are drawing record crowds at Scottsdale Stadium.
It was an unparalleled gathering of black artists from around the world, drawing delegates from fifty countries.
The men were drawn to their work not only by curiosity and zeal, but also by an inspiring patriotism.