Only 10% of American adults engage in regular exercise.
The two parties engaged upon an escalating political struggle.
Mr Armstrong was engaged in prayer.
Despite her illness, she remains actively engaged in shaping policy.
Perhaps, years later, children would finally get the chance to engage in a tennis volley.
Everyone else who was not engaged in either survey data collection or ship handling seemed to be doing the same.
Nature programs every successful species to engage in gender and inter-generational cooperation to the extent that is necessary for reproduction.
They come close to enjoining all scientists to refuse to engage in military research but then back off at the last moment.
Transformational leadership at the whole-organization level, then, involves more than engaging in the daily fray.
I was engaged in enquiry into the matter when I learnt of the attack upon her sister.
Trained to futility by now, we will be ready to engage in further enterprises of a futile nature.
All students should engage in intellectually challenging work and should graduate on the basis of what they know and can do.
Even in prison, he continued to engage in criminal activities.
On the analysis offered here, rationality is partly a matter of engaging in a dialogue with others in an appropriate way.
He says that the two Professors have become engaged in an increasingly bad-tempered debate on the nature of light.
No Man has more wit, nor can any one engage the attention more than Mr Morris.
She is a storyteller who can engage the children's imagination.
I was in terror that he might try to engage me in conversation.
It is a movie that engages both the mind and the eye.
Their pleas failed to engage any sympathy.
to engage the public/audience/viewer/reader
It was difficult to engage the students at first.
The party is attempting to engage young voters politically.
She has the ability to engage with young minds.
We acknowledge the need to engage directly with these problems.
Our contributors are actively engaging with tradition.
They constructively engage critics in debates.
I will keep blogging because it offers me a way to engage with readers.
They never learned skills to engage the attention of the others.