Both the boys entered the army.
She entered politics in 1996.
He entered the Church as a young man.
He entered the election as the clear favourite.
The rebels were prepared to enter negotiations.
At least 30 schools entered the competition.
Decisions about when he or she is entered for an examination should be taken very carefully.
The economy has entered a period of recession.
The talks have now entered their third week.
A note of panic entered her voice.
It never entered his head that she might be seeing someone else.
It appears the burglars entered the house through a back window.
Occupying troops entered the town on 8th April.
Both entered politics early and came to the height of their power in their late 40s.
She married, converted to a form of Buddhism and entered politics, forming a new party for the lower castes.
Many of its earlier leaders were lay preachers who entered politics in order to apply their religious ideals in practical ways.
Arteaga, 40, entered politics through her participation in government cultural foundations and agencies.
I know the other party and I are going to work out a deal when we enter negotiations.
He later entered into a rehab program.
At least 30 schools entered the competition.
Decisions about when he or she is entered for an examination should be taken very carefully.
She'd entered and won a competiton run by a local photographer, Colin Wakeham.
Eight horses were entered for the first race.
As part of his training program, Lauck has been entered in Sunday's race.
Mozart decided to enter into the prevailing spirit of the place.
A friend of mine entered me in the 10K race.
Before this war commenced, the idea of doing what is called work never once entered my mind.
A man was arrested for trying to enter the actress's Beverly Hills home.
Enter the amount of money you wish to take out of your account.
Congress is considering raising the number of skilled workers who may enter the country each year.
Everyone entering the country must show a passport.
Jay and Cindy entered the dance competition for fun - they had no idea they would win.
Jason plans to enter the Navy.
Last week, the governor entered the public debate on health-care reform.
The talks have now entered their third week.
It never entered his head that she might be seeing someone else.
A note of panic entered her voice.
He entered the election as the clear favourite.
The rebels were prepared to enter negotiations.
Eighty percent of the children in the program had entered university with good grades.
He did not wish to enter the Church like his brothers.
I entered politics late in life.
It was his aim to enter the Church.
She entered Parliament in 1998.
She entered college in 2006.
Several new firms have now entered the market.
The US entered the war in 1917.
The investigation has entered a new phase.
The strike is entering its fourth week.