He broke down the locked door and escaped.
He escaped from prison in October.
She escaped to Britain in 1938.
He escaped with minor injuries.
A boy escaped unhurt when the fire in his room exploded.
They went to the hills to escape the summer heat.
The youth was trying to escape the clutches of two drunken female companions.
He narrowly escaped death in an avalanche.
The two passengers escaped serious injury.
They must not be allowed to escape justice.
It seemed impossible he would escape detection.
Some prisoners tried to escape, but most were recaptured or shot.
Looking to her heart, she sees the chasm left by a death she narrowly escaped.
With Emma he had played with fire and narrowly escaped burning.
There was no possible way to escape.
Guards have been ordered to shoot anyone trying to escape.
Weldon Flaharty said that he inexplicably escaped administrative punishment, which could have shortened his career.
Only four people managed to escape before the roof collapsed.
Hare escaped death by testifying against his partner, who was later hanged.
Josie managed to escape from her attacker and call the police.
He was one of nine men who escaped from prison in July.
He escaped from prison in June, but was rearrested by police a month later.
He only got a fine and so escaped going to jail.
The children climbed out of the window to escape the fire.
He ducked down an alley to escape from the mob that was chasing him.
Criminals generally know their neighborhood well, so it's not difficult for them to escape into the back streets.
I know I've heard this song before but its name escapes me.
Although I know that the novel was published in the nineteenth century, the actual date escapes me.
Knowingly or not, others have narrowly escaped Pottker.
Many young offenders escape punishment completely.
And suddenly she couldn't escape quickly enough.
I could see no way of escaping the boredom of the small-town social scene.
But it means retailers' profit margins escape the tax net.
People are willing to pay $10 for a movie ticket to escape their problems.
Grant had escaped through a bathroom window while in police custody.
Four prisoners escaped through a hole in the fence.
Gerhard Berger escaped unhurt from a high-speed collision with Ferrari team-mate Jean Alesi.