We exchange gifts at Christmas.
At the end of the game, players traditionally exchange shirts with each other.
We exchanged phone numbers.
Where can I exchange my dollars for pounds?
He exchanged the black jacket for a blue one.
They exchanged photographs before they met.
We exchanged email addresses.
If you are unhappy with the jacket, you can always take it back and exchange it for another one.
These coupons can be exchanged for meals and accommodation.
First Bank System has offered to exchange 2. 6 of its shares for each First Interstate share in the proposed acquisition.
Did you exchange any money before your trip?
Grant rode down to the river to exchange congratulations with Admiral Porter on their joint victory.
Foreign currency can be exchanged for sterling at any bank.
My family still exchanges gifts at Christmas.
As Sally approached wearing her new dress, the others exchanged glances and tried not to laugh.
The two men were exchanging insults and accusing each other of mismanagement.
This shirt is too big. Can I exchange it?
None of the passengers exchanged names and addresses-they were too distraught.
We exchanged phone numbers, but I don't think I'll call him.
The volunteer returned once a week to ask the patient if he or she wanted to exchange the prints for others.
Sometimes the food they bring runs out and they have to exchange their precious maize for a few mangoes.
I would be glad to exchange them for the same face value as the increasingly worthless and derisory folding stuff.
I wish to exchange this flash-of-lightning faith for continuous daylight, this fever-glow for a benign climate.
Danny and his lawyer exchanged uneasy looks.
Bellamy exchanged wild shots with MacLane as we left the captain in the middle of the road.
We use the forum to exchange ideas.
Juliet and David exchanged glances (= they looked at each other).
Everyone in the group exchanged email addresses.
The two men exchanged blows
I shook hands and exchanged a few words with the manager.
Where can I exchange my money?
You can exchange your currency for dollars in the hotel.