The custom of arranged marriages still exists in many countries.
Opportunities exist for students to gain sponsorship.
Stop pretending that the problem doesn’t exist.
The club will cease to exist if financial help is not found.
Do fairies really exist?
Do you think ghosts really exist?
No treaty currently exists between the two countries.
A number of his early photographs still exist.
We all hope the human race will continue to exist for millions of years.
Young poultry is marketed at such an early age that these differences have practically ceased to exist. 8.
As of 1991, the Russian Communist Party effectively ceased to exist.
The town which Joyce wrote about has long since ceased to exist.
And the local elected legislature will cease to exist.
Legislation to protect us from terrorists already exists.
Tom acts as if I don’t exist at times.
Do you think ghosts really exist?
Only about 50 Florida panthers are believed to exist.
There now exists a significant body of scientific research on the subject.
Just when did this revolution occur and in fact did information exist before its arrival in electronic form?
Although a total prohibition exists for the third category above, special circumstances may exist for the first two services.
Whereas, in fact, many of the longest-lasting marriages are those between people who exist in perpetual conflict.
We can't continue to pretend that the problem of homelessness doesn't exist in this city.
The blue whale is the largest creature that has ever existed on earth.
They also, to a greater or lesser extent, existed outside mainstream, predominantly male controlled, hierarchical structures.
A large body of theory and no small degree of controversy exist relative to the treatment of uncertainty.
Once again, in other words, Carter was seeing dangers that did not exist, while ignoring those that did.
Does life exist on other planets?
Few of these monkeys still exist in the wild.
Major differences continue to exist between the two countries.
A solution has been found and the problem no longer exists.
On his retirement the post will cease to exist.
Adequate facilities already exist to serve the needs of people visting the town.
It is an art gallery that exists only on the internet.
Evidence of their relationship exists in the form of a series of letters.
I didn't think people like that existed any more.
The problem only exists in your head, Jane.
The technology did not yet exist.
He argued that ideas do not exist independently of the language that expresses them.
They appear to exist in significant numbers.
Companies that exist solely for the purpose of mortgage lending.
The enormous volcanoes now known to exist on Mars.
A temple existed here hundreds of years ago.