He carefully explained the procedure.
The librarian will explain how to use the catalogue system.
Let me explain what I mean.
He explained that it had been a difficult film to make.
I explained the situation to my bank manager.
She saw his quick frown and hastened to explain.
I'll explain the system in greater detail next time.
The general principles behind the method used are explained clearly and concisely.
It is a book which seeks to explain the birth of Greek tragedy.
Many theories purport to explain growth in terms of a single cause.
I tried to explain the problem to the technician.
She explained the plan to me very carefully.
It's difficult to explain exactly how the system works.
Let me explain what I mean.
It was explained that attendance was compulsory.
She explained to the children exactly what to do in an emergency.
He explained who each person in the photo was.
Can you explain how this machine works?
I explained that an ambulance would be coming soon.
It was difficult to explain the concept to beginners.
First, I'll explain the rules of the game.
The theory is not explained in detail.
Let me explain! he added helpfully.
He was trying to explain the difference between hip hop and rap.
There's no need to explain. We understand.
She was unable to explain her behaviour.
The official explained patiently that our documents were not valid.
scientific findings that help explain the origins of the universe
I can explain everything! I was just trying to help her with her homework!
He explained awkwardly that he had not slept at his own home that night.
This partly explains why he was so late.
This goes some way towards explaining the hostility between the two groups.
The reasons for the accident have not been fully explained.
I know I'm late, but I can explain why.
I have a letter here which explains everything.
The government now has to explain its decision to the public.
The phenomenon is partly explained by the fact that global temperatures are rising.
Slow growth in the economy is to be explained in terms of a lack of demand.
Well, that doesn't explain why you didn't phone.