It allayed doubts about the technique and its freedom from cultural determinants that were already being expressed.
Through participative democracy the hopes, wishes and aspirations of Ulster's people will be expressed and acted on.
A prominent anti-nuclear campaigner in Caithness expressed caution about the report.
Parents have expressed concern about the amount of violence in some children's shows.
She doesn't express her emotions as much as he does.
It is the story of a middle-aged businessman, who starts going to tango lessons, and learns to express himself through dance.
My grandfather found it hard to express his feelings about the war.
Nowhere is that symbiosis better expressed than in the medieval towns and villages.
Many of his films express the fears and anxieties of the post-war years.
Workers traditionally express their discontent by going on strike.
Young children often find it difficult to express themselves in words.
Grandmothers, with all good intentions, often express these concerns.
To prevent them being expressed, you stage a pre-emptive strike.
Even people who knew little about the subject were ready to express their opinions.
He noted the center is organizing a public forum to allow citizens to express their views.
Until now the judiciary have expressed their views about the tariff period, tacitly if not expressly, in confidence.
Pro-Republican Catholics did express their opinions in newspapers such as the Leeds Citizen.
His views have been expressed in numerous speeches.
Differences of opinion were freely expressed in public debate.
He expressed his anger openly.
Many patients feel unable to express their fears.
I want to express my sincere thanks to the many readers who sent messages of support.
Business leaders expressed disappointment with the decision.
Later, he expressed his regret that he hadn't taken the chance.
She expressed sympathy, but said she could not help.
Residents expressed frustration with the slowness of the process.
Many people have expressed reservations about this approach.
It's important to be able to express your feelings.
The architect expressed doubts that the museum would be ready in time.
Students must learn to express a point of view cogently and with clarity.
The poet eloquently expresses the sense of lost innocence.
In the show, the concept of freedom is expressed through dance.
International solidarity is expressed through a logo featuring combined flags.
There was no agreement either expressed or implied.
She doesn't express herself well in writing.
We want to give young people an opportunity to express themselves through art.
He expresses himself in simple, straightforward terms.
I need to express myself artistically.
the ability of students to express themselves clearly and articulately
It is easier to express yourself when you have a clear message.
The architect must not only express himself but design a functioning building.
She expressed herself disappointed.
Teenagers often have difficulty expressing themselves.
I'd like to express my gratitude to everyone who helped us.
Bill’s not afraid to express his opinions.
Parents have expressed their concerns about their children’s safety.
She expressed an interest in seeing York.
Express your reasons for applying in simple terms.
She doesn’t express her emotions as much as he does.
Finally, I’d like to express my sincere thanks to all those who have helped today.
The USA expressed reservations before agreeing to sign the agreement.
Many people have expressed their opposition to the proposals.
Young children often have difficulty expressing themselves.
He first learnt to express himself through movement at his dance classes.
Words can’t express how angry we felt.