Emergency services are facing additional problems this winter.
The president faces the difficult task of putting the economy back on its feet.
McManus is facing the biggest challenge of his career.
As the project comes to an end, many workers now face an uncertain future.
He must face the prospect of financial ruin.
I was faced with the awful job of breaking the news to the girl’s family.
If he is found guilty, he faces up to 12 years in jail.
He was the first member of the former government to face criminal charges.
Many couples refuse to face the fact that there are problems in their marriage.
You’ve got to face facts, Rachel. You can’t survive on a salary that low.
He had to face the awful truth that she no longer loved him.
Face it, kid. You’re never going to be a rock star.
She told me about some of the problems she was facing.
As the owners are aging, they are facing considerable problems.
But the Church is facing major problems.
Sybase is not the only technology company facing problems.
They learned by facing real problems and real consequences.
Birds can not be conserved by protection in Britain if they are facing greater problems elsewhere.
In the United States young hopefuls are facing similar problems in getting flying jobs with the airlines.
The party will have to change its policies to fit the new problems facing society.
These are just some of the challenges facing small businesses.
The main task facing the country is reconstruction after the war.
We face the prospect of defeat.
They are facing the threat of redundancy.
They are faced with the threat of redundancy.
The health service faces a crisis this winter.
The country is facing an obesity crisis.
We are faced with competition from young up-and-coming artists.
The government faces strong opposition to the cuts.
The manager is facing a lot of pressure this season.
It's not always easy to face the truth.
I did something wrong and I will face the consequences.
She had to face the fact that her life had changed forever.
You’re going to have to face him sooner or later.
I don’t know how I’m going to face her after what happened.
The accident left her feeling depressed and unable to face the world.
I can't face seeing them.
She could never face arguing with him.