 Do you still feel hungry?
 You can never tell what he’s feeling.
 Stop exercising if you feel any pain.
 I’m feeling a little better today.
 Marie immediately felt guilty.
 When his dad left, he felt as though his world had turned upside-down.
 I felt like I’d really achieved something.
She felt his warm breath on her cheek.
 The earthquake was felt as far south as San Diego.
 She felt his arms go round her.
 I felt myself blushing.
After twenty years, seeing him again felt very strange.
 It felt wonderful to be wearing clean clothes again.
 How does it feel to be 40?
 It’s been a year since her daughter died, but to her, it still feels like yesterday.
I felt a definite sense of danger and impending disaster.
The earthquake was felt as far south as Carpenteria.
And the increase in temperature will not be felt evenly.
It felt great to be up in the mountains.
He's feeling guilty for not writing her back.
I don't really feel hungry yet.
I feel great this morning.
Mum! I feel sick.
The heat made him feel faint.
He sounded happy, but I don't think he felt it.
I really felt bad about what I had done.
She felt uncomfortable about asking him for help.
I suddenly felt inspired.
He'd never felt really content in his job.
I just want her to feel safe.
How do you feel: happy, relieved, surprised?
It made me feel so proud to see him standing up there.
Do you feel tired all the time?
I've never felt this way before.
I feel a lot of sympathy for them.
She didn't feel the pain so much as the shock.
He seemed to feel no remorse at all.
He feels a strong connection with her.
He felt shame at not having helped her.
She felt nothing when she saw him.
Are you disappointed? I feel that way too.
I feel like such a failure.
They felt like outsiders.
I don't like feeling like a tourist when I travel.
I feel like I'm going to be sick.
We never felt like we were rich.
I always felt as though I had to try harder than other people.
They feel as if nobody listens to them.
As soon as you get off the plane you feel the heat.
They felt an impact as the bomb hit.
I felt tears welling up in my eyes.
He could feel his heart pounding.
I felt him trembling.
I could feel myself getting faint.
I felt a hand touch my knee.
I felt the handle wobble when I picked it up.
He felt his knee give way.
I felt something fall out of my pocket.
I felt her relax in my arms.
She felt a tear trickle down her cheek.
He felt himself blush.
She felt a sharp pain in her hand.
She could not feel her legs.
I can’t feel his pulse.
He felt a hand on his shoulder.
You may feel a slight pressure in your chest.
I felt their disapproval.
We all feel the urgency of the problem.
You can feel the chemistry between them from the opening scene.
I immediately felt the difference after he'd gone.
Women feel society's expectation that they should be caring and nurturing.
The tension between the film-maker and the subject is clearly felt in the documentary.
 Her head felt as if it would burst.
 it feels as if/though… It felt as though he had run a marathon.
 This situation doesn't feel right.
You need to go somewhere that feels safe.
My mouth felt completely dry.
The interview only took ten minutes, but it felt like hours.
I've lived here for years, but it still doesn't feel like home.
The place still feels like a small fishing village.
He feels the cold a lot.
Cathy was really feeling the heat.
We're all starting to feel the pressure at work.
I was OK after my run, but I'll feel it tomorrow.
She felt her mother's death very deeply.
The effects of the recession are being felt everywhere.
We all felt the force of her arguments.
Her loss has been keenly felt.
I don't feel the cold.
I felt their pain.
I'm 65 now, and I'm starting to feel my age.
You may be fine immediately after going to the gym, but feel it more the next day.
It was some months after his wife's death that he really began to feel his loss.
The trauma can continue to be felt for years afterwards.
All sides feel the pressure to reach an agreement.
We're all still feeling the shock of the election result.
We all felt the weight of her loss.
His influence is still felt today.