 The men were fighting for higher wages.
 Stockley is fighting for his life .
 She fought her way back into the first team.
 People are fighting against repression and injustice.
 We will fight terrorism, wherever it exists.
 The prime minister decided to fight an early general election.
 He had to fight several other applicants for the job.
 Both men were used to fighting for power.
 They’re fighting about who should do the dishes.
Ali fought Foreman for the heavyweight title.
I heard her fighting with the boss.
Neil Phillips will now fight Adams for leadership of the party.
My mother and my grandmother fight all the time.
I'm always fighting with my sister.
It's normal for couples to fight.
The thing we fight about most is money.
We've fought over many issues, but always respected one another.
Let's not fight over the details.
He was well-liked by his peers, but often fought with his teachers.
I'm always fighting with my sister.
Scholars have long fought over this point.
We are committed to fighting poverty.
The government will introduce new measures to fight terrorism.
a superhero who wants to fight crime and clean up the city
Fighting corruption is essential to restore public confidence.
He vowed to fight against the decision.
He has used his fame to become a spokesman for alleviating world poverty and fighting AIDS.
His body was too weak to fight the infection.
Why did you fight so hard against these changes?
I've always had to fight against prejudice.
They are fighting unwinnable wars against corporate giants.
We're fighting for people who are discriminated against.
The organization fights on behalf of political prisoners across the world.
This battle is being fought with spin and PR.
Vitamin C helps your body to fight disease.
Workers are fighting the decision to close the factory.
The fire crews had problems fighting the blaze.
We will continue to fight for as long as it takes.
She fought bravely, but died of the disease.
She's fighting for a place in the national team.
There are twelve parties fighting the election.
The second half was fiercely fought, but neither side managed to score.
 He fought his wife for custody of the children.
 I'm determined to fight the case.