 He poured her a drink, then filled his own glass.
 My job was filling the flour sacks.
 Take a deep breath and allow your lungs to fill.
 Her eyes filled with tears.
 A bucket filled to the brim with ice.
 They opened the doors and the hall quickly filled.
 Not without hesitation, he filled his water-bottle.
Just turn on the faucet and fill it up.
I found a clean mug and filled it.
 There was just enough wind to fill the sails.
Fill the hole with a mixture of compost and sand.
The smell of smoke filled the house.
 Miller’s band was filling dance halls (=attracting a lot of people) all over the country.
 Crowds of well-wishers filled the streets.
 His wartime experiences would fill a book!
 All the seats were filled and a number of people were standing.
 Numerous pictures fill every available space.
 The smell of freshly baked bread filled the room.
 The air was filled with the sound of children’s laughter.
  Her eyes suddenly filled with tears.
The room filled with smoke.
The sails filled with wind.
The school is filled to capacity.
Smoke filled the room.
Her image filled the screen.
The wind filled the sails.
Mourners filled the streets.
Fireworks filled the sky.
Crowds filled the stadium.
I started to write and quickly filled two pages.
Air rushes in to fill the vacuum.
A sculpture may fill a void at the end of a hallway.
They have to fill containers with water from the river.
Fill the device with purified water.
I filled a box with books.
She filled her pockets with sweets.
She had filled the room with flowers.
He seemed to fill the room with his presence.
The sky was filled with stars.
The drawers were all filled to the brim.
Don't fill the cups completely full so we can add milk.
Fill a bag full of small presents.
She filled the kettle from the tap.
The room soon filled with people.
The river rose and the cellar filled with water.
The sails began to fill.
 They used putty to fill the holes.
 The crack in the wall had been filled with plaster.
 They stuffed cloths in the window frames to fill the cracks.
Fill all the nail holes before you paint the wall.
I need to have two teeth filled.
The smell of paint filled the air.
A strong smell of burning filled the room.
Sunlight fills the house.
He walks in, and tension fills the air.
The air is filled with birds singing.
When she comes home, she fills the house with laughter.
Her parents' house was always filled with music.
A garden filled with the scent of flowers.