I've found a really good healthy eating blog.
She found a beautiful shell on the beach.
If you found £20 in the street, would you hand it in?
I think I've found a friend.
It's so good when you find someone you can talk to.
We went out hoping to find something to eat.
Police found weapons in the house.
Coins found at the site are thought to be from Anglo-Saxon times.
Letters found among his belongings may hold a clue.
She made the sculpture with materials found near her home.
He seemed to have a knack of finding women to look after him.
I never expected to find love at this point in my life.
I didn't expect to come home and find him gone.
I'm trying to find my glasses.
I eventually found them under the bed.
She found the remote control down the back of the sofa.
Found it! I've been looking for this for weeks!
Can you help me find my dog?
A reward is offered for whoever finds him.
Josh found my earring for me.
I'll find you your coat.
The search party found no trace of the missing climbers.
He went through the drawers but found nothing.
He was found by police the following morning.
His body was found after three days of searching.
They don't expect to find him alive.
They're trying to find a place to stay.
Can you find a hotel for me?
Can you find me a hotel?
We found some evidence of harmful effects.
Scientists have found fresh evidence to suggest that a huge explosion led to the death of the dinosaurs.
No links were found between the two cases.
Students are given ten questions and have one minute to find the answers.
The beetles have found a warm place to live.
At last we've found a home.
He needs to find a doctor willing to treat him.
Her friends wanted to find her a husband.
She had to find a valid excuse for leaving the room.
We need to find a useful role for the volunteers in the campaign.
We'll have to find an alternative.
Police are confident of finding the killers.
A window was broken and we think we've found the culprit.
The doctor couldn't find anything wrong with him.
Considerable variation was found in the terms offered by different banks.
Can you find a use for this old table?
He sometimes struggles to find the right words.
I can't find anything good to say about it.
The report found that 30% of the firms studied had failed within a year.
The survey found over 80% of women had dieted in the past year.
People usually find their symptoms go away after a few days.
Readers will find the maps in the appendix very useful.
Here are some tips which I hope you'll find helpful.
Hopefully we'll find the ground a bit firmer today.
I found some parts of his argument hard to understand.
We found the whole thing a farce.
A poll six months ago found the opposite to be true.
The sample was found to contain asbestos.
The results were found to vary.
It was found that older people were more likely to agree.
If it is found that he's been lying, then of course that will change everything.
I can’t find the car keys.
 Hold on while I find a pen.
 Her body was later found hidden in the bushes.
 I have to find somewhere else to live.
 She had almost given up hope of finding a husband.
I found a purse in the street.
 We found a nice pub near the hotel.
 Tony asked us to find him office facilities in New York.
 The federal government isn’t doing enough to find a cure.
 How do you find the square root of 20?