My mother never liked flying.
Brenda's learning to fly.
I flew Aeroflot out of Moscow.
The bus was flying along when suddenly the driver slammed on the brakes.
Papers were flying around in the wind.
Fighter jets fly at incredibly high speeds.
Stop flying before it becomes too windy to move or fly the glider.
His company flew him to Rio to attend the conference.
Her long hair was flying in the wind.
Medical equipment and food are being flown into the areas worst hit by the disaster.
Some kids were flying kites in the park.
We're flying nonstop from Milwaukee to Orlando.
I managed to roll clear just as it flew off into the air, never to be seen again.
The ship is flying the Dutch flag.
 She was the first woman to fly Concorde.
 The pilot was instructed to fly the plane to Montreal airport.
 Sonny learnt to fly when he was 15.
 The plane was attacked as it flew over restricted airspace.
 She’s flying back to the States tomorrow.
 Will you take the train there or fly?
 Maurice is nervous about flying, so he usually travels overland.
 The prime minister will be flying to Delhi later today for a three-day visit.
 He was arrested at Heathrow after flying from Brussels airport.
 Lewis stopped off in Jamaica before flying on to Toronto.
 We usually fly economy class.
 Millions of passengers fly British Airways every year.
 The mother bird will feed her chicks until they are able to fly.
 The evening air was clouded with mosquitoes and other flying insects.
 At that moment, a wasp flew in through the open window.
 The robin shook its feathers and flew away.
In the park people were walking their dogs or flying their kites.
Some birds fly huge distances when they migrate.
Who was the first person to fly the Atlantic?
She's trained to fly passenger planes, not military jets.
You'll have to fly the helicopter over some dangerous territory.
A wasp had flown in through the window.
Geese fly south in the fall.
The stranded tourists were finally flown home.
He had flowers specially flown in for the ceremony.
Orders were given to fly the prisoners to the US.