 There is much to be gained from seeking expert advice early.
 An attempt to gain a competitive advantage over their rivals.
 There’s nothing to be gained by losing your temper.
 She has gained a reputation as a good communicator.
 Many of his ideas have gained popular support.
 an opportunity to gain experience in a work environment
 The youngsters gradually gain confidence in their abilities.
 The sport has gained in popularity in recent years.
  Radical left-wing parties gained control of local authorities.
 After gaining independence in 1957, it was renamed ‘Ghana’.
 He gained a doctorate in Chemical Engineering.
 She has gained confidence since the World Championships.
The economic recovery will soon gain traction.
He has gained support from major figures in the industry.
As you gain experience, you will grow in confidence.
I've gained weight recently.
The campaign continues to gain momentum.
I don't think there's anything to be gained from this course of action.
Consumers have certainly gained from the increased competition in the telecommunications industry.
The industry will gain enormously from the new proposals.
We all gained a lot from the experience.
Why not give it a go? You have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
 The firm is hoping to gain an advantage over its competitors.
 Consumers have gained from the increased competition.
If the proposal goes ahead, we all stand to gain.
 There is nothing to be gained from delaying the decision.
 We managed to gain entry through a back window.
Protesters tried to gain access to the palace.
His ideas gradually gained acceptance.
Husbands and wives of British nationals do not automatically gain citizenship.
They managed to gain access to secret files.
How did the thieves gain entry?
The country gained its independence ten years ago.
The party gained over 50 per cent of the vote.
Police officers quickly gained control of the situation.
Labour finally gained power in 1997.
I gained an insight into the work of a journalist.
He has gained a reputation for unpredictable behaviour.