Give the letter to your mother when you've read it.
She gave her ticket to the woman at the check-in desk.
 Give your mother the letter.
They were all given a box to carry.
She gave a couple of pounds to the beggar.
 give (something) We all agreed not to give presents this year.
They say it's better to give than to receive.
She was given a huge bunch of flowers.
Did you give the waiter a tip?
She gave me some medicine that sent me off to sleep.
Let me give you a word of advice.
The dark glasses gave him an air of mystery.
This shampoo will give your hair a nice healthy sheen.
We want to give you the best possible care.
They couldn't give me any more information.
He just left. He wouldn't give a reason.
The police did not give any details of the attack.
Give me your name and address.
We've been given a 2 per cent pay increase.
I was hoping you would give me a job.
He was given a new heart in a five-hour operation.
Give me some time to decide.
We should at least give him the opportunity to explain why he did this.
This should give you some idea of the extent of the problem.
We'll give you all the help we can.
She wants a job that gives her more responsibility.
I'll give you ten minutes to prepare your answer.
Don't give me any of that backchat.
He gives Italian lessons to his colleagues.
The reforms should give a better chance to the less able children.
She gave some helpful advice.
She gives the impression of being very busy.
I was asked to give evidence at the trial.
 They both gave regularly to charity.
I gave a small donation.
Give me a call tomorrow.
She had given the assignment an A.
I give it ten out of ten for originality.
 He virtually never gives a grade of less than C.
  They say they’re not willing to give any more than they’ve already offered.
 Researchers were given a £10,000 grant to continue their work.
 I’ve got some old diaries that my grandmother gave me years ago.
 a ring which was given to him by his mother
 I didn’t steal it! Maria gave it to me!
 Most people are willing to give to charity.
 The situation is now desperate, so please give generously.
 He poured some wine into a glass and gave it to her.
 He finally gave us permission to leave.
 These meetings give everyone a chance to express their opinions.
 Students are given the freedom to choose their own topics.
 Language gives us the ability to communicate at a much higher level than any other animal.
 Women were given the vote in the early 1900s.
 She gave me some information on university courses.
 My secretary will be able to give you more details.
 Let me give you some advice.
 She certainly likes giving orders.
 They were given strict instructions not to tell anyone.