Support for Mr Thompson is growing.
 Sales of new cars grew by 10% last year.
 The number of students at the college has grown from 200 to over 500.
 A growing number of people are taking part-time jobs.
 The economy has grown steadily.
 Fears are growing for the crew’s safety.
 A city that is still growing in size.
 Skiing has really grown in popularity.
 There is growing concern about climate change.
 My growing interest in China.
 You’ve really grown since I last saw you.
 Victor seemed to grow taller every day.
 Stan grew two inches in six months.
 Many families own plots of land to grow food.
 Britain grows 6,000,000 tonnes of potatoes a year.
 The growing season is from April to September.
 A tree which will grow well in most types of soil.
 Many families own plots of land to grow food.
 Britain grows 6,000,000 tonnes of potatoes a year.
 The growing season is from April to September.
 She’s grown tremendously as a musician.
 Her household has grown since then.
The traditional markets of western equipment companies are growing slowly, if at all.
All this is necessary if we are to grow the business.
Jamie's grown three inches this year.
That staff should grow to 30, he said, and many new employees are likely to be former Polaroid workers.
It's very satisfying growing your own vegetables.
He grows taller but barely grows up and will never grow old.
I've decided to grow my hair.
I didn't recognize him—he's grown a beard.
The nettles that grew thickly around the house
An attractive plant which is very hardy and easy to grow.
The tree grew from a small acorn.
Small acorns grow into great oak trees.
A rose had been allowed to grow unchecked up one of the walls.
As the island subsided the reef grew upwards and outwards.
The land is used to grow crops.
We need to grow our food more efficiently.
I didn't know they grew rice in France.
The plants were grown in controlled conditions.
You've grown since the last time I saw you!
The puppies grow quickly during the first six months.
Profits are expected to grow by 10 per cent next year.
She continued to grow in confidence
The Chinese economy has grown at a record pace.
Well before a billionth of a second had elapsed the universe started to grow exponentially.
The sector is growing at a phenomenal rate.
The performance improved as their confidence grew.
Opposition to the latest proposals is growing steadily.
The market is growing rapidly.
Sales are growing fast.
The business has grown exponentially over the past ten years.
Fears are growing for the safety of a teenager who disappeared a week ago.
The economy is growing by roughly 2 per cent a year.
The company profits grew by 5 per cent last year.
The family has grown in size recently.
This approach is growing in popularity.
She is growing in confidence all the time.