It’s the kind of movie you either love or hate.
 He hates his job.
 Paul hates having his picture taken.
 I hate to see you unhappy.
 Pam hates it when Lee calls her at work.
 Jenny’s mother hates her staying out late.
 Why do you hate me so much?
 She hated him for being so happy.
 I hated myself for feeling jealous of her.
 He was an evil dictator who was universally hated.
It takes many years for kids who have suffered so much to learn to love and not to hate.
Turner was a rebel from the start. He hated authority and he hated the law.
Don't go in now - she hates being interrupted.
Sharpe, who hated dancing, smiled at the thought, then turned and spurred the horse towards home.
Pat hates her job.
Jill really hates her stepfather.
I hate it when you speak to me like that.
If you're playing against Gary, I warn you, he hates losing!
I hated my first husband. He used to hit me and the children.
Tony hated science when he was at school because he wasn't any good at it.
Why does everyone seem to hate the Library? 2.
They loved the issues, hated the pols.
Hurry up - I hate to be late!
Although I hate to leave stuff here.
He hates to lie in bed, and follows us around like a puppy.
I hate to spend money for things I never will need nor want.
She hated unpleasantness, though she wouldn't back down from a fight.
I hate to say it, but I don't think their marriage will last.
I'd hate to say how many hours I've spent trying to fix my computer.
He came to hate the town, with its narrow prejudices.
I absolutely hate cooking.
She hated the idea of moving to Scotland.
I hate it when you lose your temper like that.
He hates violence in any form.
He was beginning to hate his job.
I hate to think what would have happened if you hadn't been there.
I would hate him to think he wasn't welcome here.
She hated every moment of school.
 I hate the fact that the rich can simply pay for better healthcare.
Don't you just hate people who are always right?
For a moment she almost hated him.
He hated me for standing up to him.
He was the teacher that we all loved to hate.
I hated him with a passion.
They were brought up to hate anyone of a different religion.