If there’s anything I can do to help, just give me a call.
 I helped her to carry her cases up the stairs.
 She helped him choose some new clothes.
 herbal products that help you to relax and sleep
 She was coming to help clean the machines.
 Can I help you with the washing up?
 My father said he’s going to help me with the fees.
 Here, let me help you on with your coat.
 She helped the old man across the road.
 Crying won’t help.
 If you get rid of your car you could be helping the environment.
 It helps my concentration if I listen to music while I’m working.
 It helped a lot to know that someone understood how I felt.
 Eight hours of deep sleep helped enormously.
 I'm afraid I can't help you.
My mother helps me a lot.
Talking to a counsellor helped her enormously.
The minimum wage is designed to help people in low-pay service industries.
Can you help me with my homework?
Many people inadvertently help thieves by leaving keys in full view.
He had actively helped many Jews to escape.
Lavender oil supposedly helps you sleep.
The exhibition helped her establish herself as an artist.
Therapy helped her overcome her fear.
We were given clues to help us solve the puzzle.
I need contacts that could help in finding a job.
We must all try and help each other.
Many people are willing to give their own time to help the community.
The students helped to raise £750 for the national appeal.
We're helping to create a healthier, better future for everyone.
His statement hardly helped his case.
The music really helps the scene work.
I thought a walk would help somehow.
Intense guilt won't necessarily help here.
The whole process was greatly helped by the widespread availability of computers.
Correct breathing helps to clear the mind and reduce tension.
The new service helped boost pre-tax profits by 10%.
The study of the present also helps to illuminate the past.
Think of some questions that will help focus the discussion.
Iron helps in the formation of red blood cells.
It helps immensely that he has cast good actors.
She helped him to his feet.
We were helped ashore by local people.