He hid the letter in a drawer.
I keep my private papers hidden.
They hid me from the police in their attic.
He hid the book under his bed.
I'll find a better place to hide it.
It had been cleverly hidden under furniture.
I hid under the bed.
We hid from our pursuers in an empty house.
She hides herself away in her office all day.
She wanted to run away and hide.
He could easily hide in the woods.
He quickly hid behind a large plant.
They were hiding among the bushes.
They're hiding from the police.
He accused the president of preferring to hide from the truth.
He hid his face in his hands.
The house was hidden by trees.
The brim of his hat hid half his face.
No amount of make-up could hide her age.
He had a weak mouth which he hid beneath a beard.
The TV was discreetly hidden in a corner.
They didn't try to hide the fact that the film was a remake.
I have never tried to hide the truth about my past.
She struggled to hide her disappointment.
They claim that they have nothing to hide.
His brusque manner hides a shy and sensitive nature.
I could not hide my joy at seeing him again.
He hid the letter in a drawer.
She managed to hide her disappointment.
The paintings were concealed beneath a thick layer of plaster.
Tim could barely conceal his disappointment.
She covered her face with her hands.
He tried to disguise his accent.
She masked her anger with a smile.
The soldiers camouflaged themselves with leaves and twigs.
He had deliberately hidden the illness from his boss.
The government tried to hide the evidence from the public.
The truth may well remain hidden forever.
He made no attempt to hide his anger
Hypnotherapy can bring out previously hidden emotions.
She could barely hide her distaste.
She was unable to hide her delight at his failure.
Ask me anything you want - I have nothing to hide.
Dale hid behind some garbage cans in the alley until the men passed.
So my secret can be hidden behind the sleight of a venial fib after all.
Most of his face was hidden by a beard.
On one tank I had, the fish panicked and hid every time I switched on the lighting.
You would conspire with him to hide from me what I desire to know?
A pair of mirrored sunglasses hid her eyes from view.
I used to hide his cigarettes from him so he couldn't smoke.
He hides his real feelings under that big smile.
Some cameras are so small they can be hidden in a reporter's baseball cap.
The agency has been criticized for being too secretive and hiding information from the public.
They put the money in a small box and hid it under the bed.
I tried to hide my anxiety from the rest of the family by pretending that everything was normal.
The bushes had become overgrown and now hid the entrance to the garden.
She somehow hid the fact she couldn't read throughout her schooldays.
He took off his ring to hide the fact that he was married.
Low clouds hid the top of the mountain.
Where can we hide these presents so the kids don't find them?
The cat always hides under the bed when we have visitors.