He held out his hand to help her to her feet.
 Hold the picture up so we can see it.
 He was holding a knife in one hand.
 I held the baby in my arms.
 Could you hold my bag for me?
 We used rolled-up newspapers to hold the windows open.
 Remember to hold your head up and keep your back straight.
Careful! I’m not sure that branch will hold you.
 The bridge didn’t look as though it would hold.
 A couple of screws should hold it in place.
 Lift your head off the floor and hold this position for five seconds.
 The next moment he held Iphigenia in his arms.
I held him in my arms as he clutched at me, then relaxed, then shuddered into sleep.
If you hold it in your hands it gets warm.
 She held a baby in her arms.
A smiling woman holding a can of beer came over to us.
In the photograph there was a small boy holding a flag.
I held the money tightly in my hand.
 I held the mouse by its tail.
The girl held her father's hand tightly.
He was holding the baby in his arms.
The winning captain held the trophy in the air.
The lovers held each other close.
She was holding a large box.
A man holding a map beckoned to me.
The person holding most cards when the time limit is reached is the winner.
People were holding banners and placards as they stood outside the building.
Each woman held a bottle in her hand.
The family made a circle, held hands, and bowed their heads.
 It had started to rain, so several people held umbrellas over me.
They walked along the street, holding hands.
I held the baby gently in my arms.
He held her by the shoulders.
 The prisoner held his head in his hands.
She started to dance, holding her hands rapturously to her chest.
 Hold your head up.
Hold this position for a count of 10.
The wood is held in position by a clamp.
People held handkerchiefs over their mouths.
I had to hold my stomach in.
I held her until she went to sleep.
I don't think that branch will hold your weight.
She let him hold most of her weight as he led her upstairs.
Several pieces of wood joined together can hold more weight than just one piece.