If we hurry, we’ll get there in time.
 I hate having to hurry a meal.
 We’ll have to hurry, otherwise we’ll miss the start.
 There’s no need to hurry. We’ve got plenty of time.
 They were hurrying to catch their train.
 She hurried down the corridor as fast as she could.
 John hurried after his girlfriend.
 Don’t hurry me. I’m doing this as fast as I can.
 She doesn’t want to be hurried into making a decision.
  Brewing beer is a long process and should not be hurried.
Fand, standing guard outside the Tower, had warned her to hurry.
We have plenty of time, there's no need to hurry.
The day was cold, and students hurried across campus to warm classrooms.
Elizabeth disappeared into the crowd and Donald had to hurry after her.
I do not agree with this frenetic trend to hurry children toward paper-and-pencil drills and skills.
The rare passersby hurried, emitting puffs of vapor from their nostrils.
While he was packing, the letter from Izz and Marian arrived, and made him hurry even more.
Who of the young but hurried forth?
Below her a gigantic cat head also dozes, while a furtive, headless male figure hurries off to the left.
Kicking aside a shattered bone, he hurried on.
Their mother hurried the children across the street.
As the warriors turned to fight, Joseph hurried the helpless ones towards the gorge into which Canyon Creek ran.
Please hurry - this is an emergency.
In the kitchen Paul was hurrying to get the dinner ready before six o'clock.
You'll have to hurry if you want to catch that train.
We need to hurry or we'll be late for school.
 hurry to do something The kids hurried to open their presents.
 He picked up his bags and hurried across the courtyard.
She hurried away without saying goodbye.
She hurried after Gary to apologize to him.
She hurried down the street.
I hurried home to tell him the news.
Ben hurried after her.
She came hurrying over to greet them.
She hurried along the corridor.
We nodded at her and hurried out the door.
He hurried over to the window to see what the noise was.
Kathy hurried off in the same direction.
 I don't want to hurry you but we close in twenty minutes.
She was hurried into making an unwise choice.
Her application was hurried through.