 But an alternative explanation had also come to him which he knew he should not ignore.
Someone made a rude noise, which the teacher decided to ignore.
As the tree burned, it sighed at what happiness it had ignored, and each sigh made a loud popping noise.
Now that she had lost all her wealth, she was ignored by former friends.
He ignored Cranston's excited pleas to hurry and went over to the window, unrolling them carefully.
The waiter totally ignored Glen and served a girl who had come up beside him.
Olivia was sitting with a group of social admin people, who were all ignoring her.
Just ignore him and he'll stop pestering you.
My father's always telling me what to do, but I usually just ignore him.
Fox is a greedy billionaire who ignores his daughter and ends up turning her into gold.
Don't ignore me when I'm talking to you!
She ignored my question and continued her story.
Ignoring my warnings, he dived straight into the shallow water.
The school board has continually ignored the complaints of parents.
It is equally wrong, however, to think it is possible to ignore the practical dimensions of life.
It was very stupid of you to ignore your mother's advice.
He ignored all the ‘No Smoking’ signs and lit up a cigarette.
I made a suggestion but they chose to ignore it.
We cannot afford to ignore their advice.
to ignore a warning/a problem/an issue
She deliberately ignored my question and changed the subject.
We can't ignore the fact that there is a huge problem here.
His work was largely ignored and forgotten for 30 years.
Much of social science research simply ignores these sectors.
The government has completely ignored the wishes of the public.
He blithely ignored her protests and went on talking.
Her mother's opinions on how babies should be cared for were freely given and duly ignored.
Hill wilfully ignored the conventions of the banking world.
I've learned to ignore all of my sister's hurtful comments.
People seem very willing to ignore the risks.
Safety guidelines had been blatantly ignored.
Scientists have tended to ignore these creatures.
Social services routinely ignore the problems facing at-risk young women.
The diesel fumes from Oxford's buses are not easily ignored.
The managers have conveniently ignored these statistics.
He continued eating, deciding to ignore her.
I shrugged, pretending to ignore him.
She sat at her desk and studiously ignored me.
She ignored him and carried on with her work.
If he tries to start an argument, just ignore him.