 Imagine that you have just won a million pounds.
 Imagine life without hot water.
 Can you imagine what it’s like when it’s really hot out here in Delhi?
 She could imagine dark-robed figures moving silently along the stone corridors.
 Imagine doing a horrible job like that!
 Just imagine going all that way for nothing!
 He didn’t quite dare to imagine himself as a real artist.
 Somehow, I can’t imagine him without a beard.
 After such a dry summer, it’s difficult to imagine what rain looks like.
 Now imagine 5 billion people, the entire population of Earth, each setting off a 24ton explosion at the same time.
The lake is much prettier than I had imagined.
It is impossible to imagine a Cheyenne war party coming out of the canyon, because the canyon is gone.
Try to imagine a room as big as a football field.
 I can't imagine anyone wearing clothes that colour.
Just imagine having to spend the rest of your life in jail.
It was hard to imagine how the system could be improved or made more convenient.
Surely she'd imagined it; the light wasn't very good, and Jean knew that shadows could be misleading.
She had never suffered from claustrophobia, but right now she could imagine just how its victims felt.
But then you can't imagine that, can you?
Mary was always imagining that people were talking about her behind her back.
In an effort to restrain himself, he tried to imagine things in the worst possible light.
From the description Janet gave in her letter it was easy to imagine what her new apartment was like.
I can quite easily imagine you running your own business.
Can you imagine a world free from the drudgery of work?
I can well imagine the atmosphere at home at this moment.
If I'm late home my mother always imagines the worst.
I can't even begin to imagine the horrors that they have been through.
I could clearly imagine the scene in the office.
It is difficult to imagine a world without money.
She could just imagine her mother's look of horror.
I had fondly imagined that riding a mule would be easy.
I'd like to imagine that she's safe and happy somewhere.
She had imagined that she'd get a warm welcome.
I started to imagine what he might say.
He hardly dared to imagine what else was going to be divulged.
Let us imagine what really might have happened.
She imagined walking onto the stage to huge applause.
I could hardly imagine living in such a remote and desolate spot.
I always imagined him following in his father's footsteps.
I can't actually imagine her falling for that trick.
The sight was disturbing as you can quite imagine.
There's more at stake here than you can possibly imagine.