The price of the computer includes £500 worth of free software.
The toy has flashing lights and a siren noise, but batteries are not included.
Electrical systems had to be updated to install all the new equipment, which also includes a couple of freezers.
The sample tasks all include a measurement context in which decimals have to be ordered.
Today's programme will include a workshop on language learning games.
The price for the hotel includes breakfast.
These include generating and managing reports, building and printing labels, and creating and using custom forms.
You don't have to pay for your flights - they're included in the price of your holiday.
His sovereignty is not confined to the created order but includes political powers.
Early attempts to fortify rice included riboflavin along with the other constituents.
The team is looking strong, especially now that they have included Roscoe.
Our tour party included several young families.
Even if you include the cost of food, it's still a cheap vacation.
Symptoms of the disease include tiredness and loss of memory.
I have included two jazz numbers in my selection.
Other favorites include unit housing makers Nagawa Co.
His job includes looking after under-21 teams.
 The curriculum includes courses in computing.
 The team is stronger now they’ve included Roscoe.
 Include in your answer clear definitions where appropriate.
It would be simple to include such data as part of any risk calculation.
Three factor variables were included in the analysis.
Not included in this list are those countries that are minor in importance.
Filters allow you to either include or exclude specific types of activity from generated reports.
Helpers at the event included students from a local school, as well as their parents.
The festival is expanding to include more fringe events.
The guide includes general information for instructors as well as answers to specific questions.
The report includes a number of recommendations.
include doing something Your duties will include greeting visitors and directing them to the appropriate department.