Gradually the noise and traffic increased as they approached the city.
Trade credit properly controlled can increase both your sales and your profits.
The price of cigarettes has increased by 30% in the last two years.
The cut in interest rates will help to increase confidence in the housing market.
Revenue and profits have increased dramatically this year.
Gate income won't exactly increase either over the remainder of what appears to be a relegation season.
The President's popularity has increased enormously in recent months.
Some analysts say the new law could increase expectations of an economic recovery.
Health care costs increased from £1.9 billion in 2000 to £4 billion in 2001.
Major league clubs have increased in number from 26 to 28.
The excitement is increasing inside the stadium as we wait for the teams to come out onto the field.
But there is no evidence, so far, that it plans to increase its total number of warheads.
The telephone company has had to increase its workforce by 10 percent.
The company has increased its workforce to 1,500 employees
a program to increase output by 14%
The government is increasing pressure on drug-traffickers.
Breeders can increase production by taking an egg away and putting it in an incubator to hatch.
Others, including Stead, attacked the bill for increasing the arbitrary power of the police on the streets.
The Clean Air Act would increase the cost of electric power in the Midwest.
The city plans to increase the number of public housing units.
The party aims to increase the number of women elected to Congress.
High alcohol consumption increases the risk of liver disease.
Women can not increase their fecundity by taking more mates; men can.
Hormone levels increase throughout pregnancy.
The number of high school students using LSD has increased to its highest level since 1986.
The imposition of martial law will only increase violence and repression.
The melting point increases with depth in the Earth because of the increasing pressure.
Demand is expected to increase over the next decade.
Sales increased almost fourfold in this period.
The budget has increased by more than a third in the last year.
We need to increase productivity.
Progressively increase the intensity of the exercise over three weeks.
You can increase or decrease the font size.
The price of oil increased.
 The rate of inflation increased by 2 per cent.
The population has increased from 1.2 million to 1.8 million.
The effectiveness of the vaccine increases with time (= the more time passes, the more effective it is).
Sun exposure may increase the risk of skin cancer.
Our aim is to increase the number of women in the sport.
The company plans to significantly increase product availability over the next year.
They've increased the price by 50 per cent.
Last month the reward was increased from $20,000 to $40,000.
An increasing number of people live alone.
increasing levels of carbon dioxide in the earth’s atmosphere