The company is introducing a new range of products this year.
The airline has introduced a cheap return fare to New York.
The local authority plans to introduce new regulations on parking.
The government has introduced tough new import restrictions.
The practice of community policing was introduced in the 1970s.
She attempted in vain to introduce some order into the classroom.
They recently introduced a yogurt drink into the market.
The government plans to gradually introduce the latest technology into all schools.
We are going to introduce a few changes to the system.
The company has recently introduced a new warehouse management system.
Legislation will be introduced to ensure free bus travel for all pensioners.
The new law was introduced in 2007.
Psychologists first introduced the term in the early 1990s.
They want to introduce a system of identity cards.
 The store have introduced a new range of food for children.
 The grey squirrel was introduced into Britain from North America.
 Several senators introduced legislation aimed at sexual harassment.
 Jim Adams will introduce tonight’s programme.
 The first chapter introduces the terms and ideas which will be studied.
  Nearly 60 notebook computer models were introduced in 1991.
 The judge ruled that the evidence could not be introduced in court.
 Diseases were inadvertently introduced into the environment by settlers.
 Some new species were introduced accidentally to Australia from Europe.
Vegetation patterns changed when goats were introduced to the island.
Introduce the topic and briefly state your own opinion.
Each new idea should be introduced in a new paragraph.
The next programme will be introduced by Mary David.
It was she who first introduced the pleasures of sailing to me.
The first lecture introduces students to the main topics of the course.
He was first introduced to drugs by his elder brother.
She has developed her love of archery since being introduced to the sport by a workmate.
Malcolm introduced me to the joys of wine-tasting.