You should never judge a person by their looks.
 Judge us on the improvements we make in the economy.
 The therapist judged that Margaret had made a serious attempt to kill herself.
 pollutants that were judged hazardous to human health
 I am in no position to judge whether what she is doing is right or wrong.
 The economic results of the reforms are very difficult to judge.
 The likelihood of future bombs was impossible to judge.
 We judge the success of a product by the number of sales it brings in.
 His conduct, judged objectively by what he has done, is dishonest.
 Robert wanted to go and help him, but judged it best to stay where he was.
 Do not judge her too harshly, as she was very young at the time.
 I had the difficult task of judging the competition.
 Competitors will be judged on speed and accuracy.
 He just accepts people for what they are and he doesn’t judge them.
 Judging by her last email, they are having a wonderful time.
To judge from what he said, he was very disappointed.
You shouldn't judge her too harshly.
Schools should not be judged only on exam results.
Each painting must be judged on its own merits.
 The tour was judged a great success.
The concert was judged to have been a great success.
They judged it wise to say nothing.
He judged that the risk was too great.
It was judged that the risk was too great.
It was hard to judge how great the risk was.
Those who preach intolerance should be judged accordingly.
He sensed that she was judging him.
He was often judged solely on his looks.
Your slogan will be judged on its originality and style.
You always judge your own performance against that of others.
You will be judged by the work you have produced over the year.
I judged that he must be a very lonely man.
It's difficult to judge exactly how accurate the account is.
Readers are left to judge for themselves whether McCrombie is hero or villain.
It's not for me to judge whether he made the right decision.
I judged him to be about 50.
It's difficult to judge how long the journey will take.
Young children are unable to judge the speed of traffic.
I think I judged the distance wrongly.
The age of the furniture can be judged from the type of wood used.
It's difficult to judge how long the journey will take.
The bowler judged it well, timing the ball to perfection.
Their garden was judged the best in Wales by a TV viewers' poll.
The first team to cross the line will be judged the winner.
She was asked to judge the essay competition.