She was punched and kicked by her attackers.
 The boys were kicking a ball around in the yard.
Vandals had kicked the door down.
She had to kick the door open because her hands were full.
She kicked at the loose pebbles by the roadside.
Billy was kicking a ball around the yard.
 The police kicked the door down.
 There was a scuffle and he kicked me in the stomach.
 He kicked off his shoes and lay back on the bed.
 A row of dancers kicking their legs in the air.
 A horse trotted past, kicking up dust from the road.
  Next came his three younger sisters whom he began to terrorise - biting, kicking and scratching them.
He was dragged kicking and screaming into a waiting police car.
One boy lay on the floor, kicking and screaming.
He believed they understood what it was like to be kicked around by white men.
And if you gave them any grief at all, they said they would just kick her out.
Michael kicked him in the back, the force of the blow sending Tommy across the dirt-strewn floor.
One of the gang kicked him in the stomach.
That means sales of anywhere from 10,000 to 30,000 copies are needed before profits kick in.
I could feel the baby kicking inside me.
The boy behind me kept kicking my chair.
Some jerk was kicking the back of my seat the entire flight.
Men, however, do not tend to kick the tobacco habit.
The boys were kicking a ball around in the yard.
Vandals had kicked the door down.
She had to kick the door open because her hands were full.
She kicked at the loose pebbles by the roadside.
 Don't kick the ball too hard.
He was sent off for deliberately kicking an Italian player.
They threw him to the ground and kicked him hard in the stomach.
Marcia gently kicked the horse again to make it trot.
She could feel the baby kicking against her stomach wall.
She kicked at the loose pebbles by the roadside.
Abe roared and kicked over a table.
She kicked me on the knee.
Suddenly the far door was kicked open.
He got up angrily and kicked the chair over.
The dancers kicked their legs in the air.
The child was dragged away, kicking and screaming.