Cheap gasoline will make your engine knock.
I waited a moment, then knocked again.
The heavy video camera knocked against his hip as he walked.
Lula knocked at the back door and he appeared, dressed in pyjamas.
After I had rung several more times and knocked at the door, I heard hesitant footsteps.
Would you mind knocking before you come in?
You should knock before you come in.
Yet no one who knew the man disputes that Robey might well have knocked down the self-proclaimed king of rock & roll.
Some movie reviewers seem to knock every picture they see.
It's hard to knock Gordon because he always works so hard.
It was a pity perhaps that the car had not knocked her down.
I looked around and I hit her such a bloody fourpenny one that I knocked her flying.
Critics knocked his latest film for its portrayal of women.
She turned and ran, knocking into bystanders as she went.
She knocked me with her elbow as she passed.
But former boxing world champion Barry McGuigan was knocked out of the event with a blown engine on his Vauxhall Nova.
And he pushed Philip, knocking the polythene bag of grain out of his hand.
One of the movers knocked the sofa against a doorway.
Simon could knock a man unconscious with one punch to the jaw.
 Garry answered the door only to be knocked flying as two policemen came rushing in.
 As I got up, I knocked a pencil out of its holder.
 He knocked the knife from my hand.
 At that moment, Sally knocked over her glass of wine.
 She tried to knock the gun aside but she was not fast enough.
 I knocked and knocked but nobody answered.
 We knocked at the door but there was no one there.
 Wilson went up and knocked on the door.
 Dobson walked straight into her office without knocking.
Someone knocked loudly at the door.
She knocked timidly on the study door and entered.
The stick knocked against the wall.
 He'd knocked over a glass of water.
I knocked the nail into the wall.
They had to knock the door down to get in.
He had knocked one of the pictures off the wall.
The boys were knocking a ball around in the back yard.
I accidentally knocked over his drink.
Mind you don't knock that glass over.
I accidentally knocked the vase off the table.
The blow knocked him unconscious.
The explosion knocked him off his feet.
He was knocked flying as two policemen came crashing through the door.
 The blow knocked me flat.
He was knocked senseless by the blow.
 She knocked my drink flying.
 The two rooms had been knocked into one.