• I'm going to try to learn 12 new words each week.
• Before you sail, you need to learn about basic boat controls.
• Our children attend the group twice a week to learn about Sikhism.
• Have you learned anything from the experience?
• How long have you been learning German?
• As an actor, she always had trouble learning her lines.
• On this course, you will learn how to deal with communication problems.
• How long did it take you to learn how to do this?
• Dad taught us a Sanskrit prayer, and we had to learn it off by heart and say it every day.
• I've been trying to learn my lines, but I haven't gotten very far.
• He felt that his son needed to learn some hard lessons about life.
• I had learnt that as a woman, if your talents are ignored at work, you must be assertive.
• I soon learned that it was best to keep quiet.
• Never lend money to your friends - that's something I learnt the hard way.
• I doubt if we will ever learn the truth.
• If you have a good memory you can learn things by rote, but can you apply it in practice?
• Do you think you can learn this tune for Friday's performance?
• By sharing their problems, sufferers of the disease learn to cope with the symptoms.
• His daughter's learning to drive.
• Gradually, I learned to trust her.
I learnt to drive when I was 17.
 Hector spent the winter learning how to cope with his blindness.
 The teacher’s task is to help the pupil learn.
 I learned a lot from my father.
 Kids can have fun and learn about music at the same time.
 Youngsters must learn what is dangerous and what is not to be feared.
 The student will learn from experience about the importance of planning.
 I didn’t tell her the truth. She would learn it for herself soon enough.
 He learned about his appointment by telephone yesterday.
 Last week I learned that I was pregnant.
 She was surprised to learn that he was a lot older than she had thought.
 I waited to learn whether I’d secured a college place.
 We have yet to learn who will be the new manager.
 They have to learn that they can’t just do whatever they like.
 Young hairdressers must learn to treat the client as a person, not a head of hair.
 I’ve told him a hundred times not to bully people, but he never learns.
 He's learning to dance.
He’s still learning how to dance.
Children learn very quickly.
He was eager to learn all she could teach him.
She learned from watching others.
The children learn about art by painting.
Did you ever learn any languages?
Everyone learns in a slightly different way.
He learned to ride when he was about three years old.
I've forgotten most of what I learned at school.
It's a bit overwhelming at first but don't worry, you'll soon learn.
Most of the kids here are eager to learn.
She's very interested in learning more about Japanese culture.
I've got a lot to learn, haven't I?
You still have a lot to learn.
I learnt the poem by heart.
We have to learn one of Hamlet's speeches for school tomorrow.
You'll have to learn your lines by next week.
They soon learned to love living in the countryside.
I soon learned not to ask too many questions.
 He’ll just have to learn (that) he can’t always have his own way.
They soon learn that bad behaviour is a sure-fire way of getting attention.
I'm sure she'll learn from her mistakes.
Why do people so often fail to learn from experience?
I learnt of her arrival from a close friend.
We first learned of the problem from her school.
I was surprised to learn that he was only 23.
 I first learnt of his death many years later.
We only learned about the problems in May of this year.
 We were very surprised to learn (that) she had got married again.
We only learned who the new teacher was a few days ago.
 How did they react when they learned the news?
 It has been learned that 500 jobs are to be lost at the factory.