I'll have to go back—I've left my jacket.
They left the children and went out for the evening.
I've left my bag on the bus.
You can leave your things here.
 He wasn't well, so we had to leave him behind.
Don't leave any of your belongings behind.
Leave the door open, please.
The bomb blast left 25 people dead.
His help left her free to focus on her research.
Don't leave her waiting outside in the rain.
We were left feeling rather disappointed.
 Leave the rice to cook for 20 minutes.
He ate up his vegetables but left the chicken.
 Are there any cookies left?
There's no time left. We have to decide now.
If there's any left, I'll use it to make soup.
There's no water left in the jug.
If you have a few minutes left at the end, use them to check your work.
I've still got a few presents left to buy.
There are 85 days left until the games begin.
There's only a year left until I finish university.
By the time we'd finished, there wasn't a lot left to spend.
I'm sorry, we haven't got any of the blue ones left.
As the hurricane blew over, people returned to what was left of their homes.
He tried to brush what was left of his hair across his scalp.
The company is trying to salvage what's left of its reputation.
The only option left to us was to fire her.
They decided that the only avenue left to them was legal action.
He's spent all the money—there's nothing left.
You still have a few minutes left.
How many tickets do you have left?
 be left of something They are fighting to save what is left of their business.
Not much is left of the old town.
The only course of action left to me was to notify her employer.
 He's spent all the money—there's nothing left.
You still have a few minutes left.
How many tickets do you have left?
They are fighting to save what is left of their business.
Not much is left of the old town.
 be left to somebody The only course of action left to me was to notify her employer.
 So much had been left undone.
 If you leave your preparation until the last minute, you’ll reduce your chances of passing.
 I left the best bit until last.
 I want to think about it. Can I leave it for now?
 I’m afraid you’ve left it too late to change your ticket.
 Let’s leave it at that for today.
 Are you leaving the kids with Grandma on Saturday?
 As soon as I’d shut the door, I realized I’d left the keys inside.
 Did anybody leave a jacket behind last night?
 She left her son in the care of a friend.
 He left Ruth to find her own way home.
 Students were left to their own devices for long periods.
 The girl had been attacked and left for dead.
 I'm going to leave this now and finish it tomorrow morning.
If you find a question difficult, leave it and come back to it.
We all know we shouldn't leave essays until the night before they're due.
I left the best till last.
OK, let's leave the discussion there for now.
He decided to leave the washing-up for later.
We can leave that issue for next week.