I can’t come out tonight – my dad won’t let me.
let somebody do something
 Let Johnny have a go on the computer now.
 Some people seem to let their kids do whatever they like.
 Let me have a look at that letter.
 I can let you have another £10, but no more.
  Jenny let the note fall to the ground.
 Don’t let anyone know it was me who told you.
 Max let the door swing open.
 Let the cookies cool down before you try them.
 I stupidly let myself be persuaded to take part in a live debate.
 He's always willing to let others take the lead.
She was content to let me do all the work.
Let me do the talking.
I let my mind go blank.
How can you let other people take the blame for what you did?
I'm not going to let some idiot spoil my enjoyment.
I'm not about to let you bully me.
We can't let them get away with this.
I'll let you make up your own mind.
Stop interrupting and let her speak.
I'm just going to let the tape run.
Sit back, relax, and let yourself be entertained.
I stupidly let myself be persuaded.
He let himself drift off into a daydream.
I let the warm water run all over my body.
He let things get into a bad state while she was away.
I wanted to let the beauty of the image speak for itself.
I'd like to say a few words, if you'll let me.
I offered to wash up, but they wouldn't let me.
She walked as fast as her sore knee would let her.
The software also lets users create personalized data views.
This lets more water into the soil.
I'll give you a key so that you can let yourself in.
The hall will be able to let in more spectators.
Please let me past.
The cat wants to be let out.
Open a window, let some air in.
Under 18s are not supposed to be let in.
Why would you let a complete stranger into your house?
They refused to let them across the border.
Someone let the dog out.
We opened the door to let out the smoke.
She let the hamster out of its cage.
They let us out of school early today.
After he was let out of jail, he moved to another city.
Only eight teams are let through to the next round.
This might block programs that your other firewalls let through.