The seeds lie dormant in the soil throughout the winter.
Passengers were standing up while first class seats lay empty.
Too many apartments are lying vacant.
The field is left to lie fallow.
A tremendous amount of work lay ahead of us.
None of us knows what lies in front of us.
These Roman ruins have lain undiscovered for two thousand years.
This precious film lay untouched in an attic.
Our plans lay in ruins.
Their dreams lay in tatters.
The fault lies with you.
The answer seems to lie elsewhere.
We need to consider carefully where our best interests lie.
Different people see quite different things in this film, and therein lies its genius.
The problem lies in deciding when to intervene.
Our strength lies in our loyal customer base.
My main interest lies in his early work.
The big difference between them lies in their attitudes.
Her strength lies in her ability to understand her opponent's thinking.
The challenge lies in the fact that most people do not like to plan so far ahead.
The appeal of his paintings lies in their simplicity and boldness.
The answer lies in your hands.
Where does the answer lie?
Perhaps the truth lies somewhere in between.
The really important things lie outside of our narrow concerns.
This is an issue that lies very close to my heart.
The responsibility lies with your employer to ensure this review is followed up.
All the power lies with him in this situation.
Our sympathies lie with the main character.
The blame lies squarely with the company.
Thousands of units would be needed, and therein lies the challenge.
We can guess what lies at the root of her problems: money.
Joy and love lie at the heart of all his films.
At the heart of this story there lies a puzzle.
Between the two of them there lay an unspoken tension.
The town lies on the coast.
An island lies in the middle of the lagoon.
The building dates from around 1700 and lies close to the centre of Vienna.
The village lies in the foothills of the Dolomites.
The site lies next to the old library building.
There's a field lying next to the barn.
We walked to a stream that lay nearby.
The palace lies just outside the city walls.
The airport lies 50 miles east of the city.
These nations lie close to the sea lanes between Europe and China and Japan.
The valley lay below us.
The difficulty lies in providing sufficient evidence.
And herein lies the key to their achievements.