 Its beautiful beaches make this a highly popular area with tourists.
 It was this movie which made him a star.
 His attitude made him very unpopular with colleagues.
 The photo makes her look much older than she really is.
 I like him because he makes me laugh.
 The use of computers has made it possible for more people to work from home.
 Over 80,000 people attended, making it the biggest sporting event in the area.
 The president has made it clear that he is not going to change his mind.
 Its beautiful beaches make this a highly popular area with tourists.
 It was this movie which made him a star.
 His attitude made him very unpopular with colleagues.
 The photo makes her look much older than she really is.
 I like him because he makes me laugh.
 The use of computers has made it possible for more people to work from home.
 Over 80,000 people attended, making it the biggest sporting event in the area.
 The president has made it clear that he is not going to change his mind.
  The holes in the cloth were made by moths.
  The stone made a dent in the roof of the car.
  She tried to make a good impression on the interviewer.
I keep making the same mistakes.
The news made him very happy.
She made her objections clear.
Technology promises to make our lives easier.
He made it clear that he objected.
The full story was never made public.
Can you make yourself understood in Russian?
She couldn't make herself heard above the noise of the traffic.
The terrorists made it known that tourists would be targeted.
The company may make targets difficult or impossible to achieve.
Technology has made it possible to move many jobs away from high-cost locations.
She always makes me laugh.
This dress makes me look fat.
What makes you say that (= why do you think so)?
Nothing will make me change my mind.
We were made to feel extremely welcome.
This does serve to make you question some fundamentals.
Smokers are often made to feel like social outcasts.
Politeness made her go back to see him.
What made you think he was guilty?
What made you go down to the beach so late last night?
What he said certainly made us all think.
She made it her business to find out who was responsible.
These improvements will make the city a better place to live.
She 's made her firm a success.
Don't make a habit of it.
You've made a terrible mess of this job.