If you decide to have one fitted, make sure it is done by a reputable company and meets recognised standards.
These require employers to assess users' workstations to ensure they meet certain standards.
Belmont Bleaching and Dyeing has failed consistently to meet legal standards since 1988 but has not been prosecuted.
In return for meeting these standards the exchange has insulation from liability for negligence to specific persons.
Engine manufacturers will have flexibility to meet the new standards through a phase-in approach between 2007 and 2010.
By virtue of our respective positions in the organization, you can tell me to meet certain performance objectives.
General managers and top executives work to ensure that their organizations meet these objectives.
The difficult part - at least before creating the advertising itself - is to evolve a creative strategy to meet the objectives.
There is also general recognition that for many years prisons have failed to meet these objectives.
This will take account of whether you have achieved the required standards and met your agreed objectives.
Wherever possible non-destructive approaches outlined earlier should be used to meet research objectives in preference to excavation.
Systematic implies that the steps which are taken to meet objectives should fit together as a cohesive whole.
It seemed perfectly possible to meet the objectives we had established.
These patterns evolve over time, as an organization attempts to meet challenge after challenge in the best way it knows how.
Are both boys and girls shown developing independent lives, independently meeting challenges, and finding their own solutions?
Ideally, pre-marital counselling, supplemented before parenthood, would meet problems before they could arise.
We checked out hundreds of hotels but only found thirty-five or forty that met the basic-facilities criteria.
How can we best meet the needs of all the different groups?
California faces a further round of rolling blackouts today as the state struggles to meet demand for electrical power.
The workforce work extremely hard to ensure all boats meet the exacting demands of the customer.
Local authorities also have an important role to play in meeting the rural housing challenge.
It's not a matter of meeting a short-term financial goal.
The airport must be expanded to meet demand.
He had failed to meet his performance targets.
The oil industry is working to meet clean air requirements.
Patients were included in the study if they met the following criteria.
50% of the candidates failed to meet the standard required.
Until these conditions are met, we cannot proceed with the sale.
I can't possibly meet that deadline.