Do you need any help?
It's here if you need it.
Don't go—I might need you.
They badly needed a change.
We desperately need hard facts on this disease.
Food aid is urgently needed.
What do you need your own computer for? You can use ours.
She needs more time to recover.
People need income not handouts.
More new housing is needed in the city.
I don't need your comments, thank you.
I need to get some sleep.
He needs to win this game to stay in the match.
You don't need to leave yet, do you?
You need to know how toxic the product is.
This shirt needs to be washed.
This shirt needs washing.
He said no but he didn’t give a reason.
The most likely explanation is that his plane was delayed.
She left the room abruptly without explanation.
You have no grounds for complaint.
On what basis will this decision be made?
Late again! What’s your excuse this time?
It gave me an excuse to take the car.
There seemed to be no motive for the murder.
I can see no possible justification for any further tax increases.
He left the party early on the pretext of having to work.
How much time is needed for maintenance and repairs?
They question whether American consumers really need the product.
I just need some information.
Research is urgently needed into the causes of this illness.
She needed some money badly.
These people may need 24-hour attention, but they do not necessarily need to be in hospital.
You hardly need me to tell you that your father is still very frail and must not be upset.
All you need to do is complete this form.
I didn't need to go to the bank after all—Mary lent me the money.
You may well need to look outside your preferred area to find affordable accommodation.
Do you need any help?
I needed to get some sleep.
But there is no evidence that they have exercised that responsibility when it has been most needed.
The front room needs a coat of paint.
I think she might need a doctor.
I need a drink - coming to the bar?
It must have needed a great deal of self-discipline for you to lose so much weight in such a short time.
Dave's been working really hard - he needs a holiday.
Teaching children to read needs a lot of patience and skill.
The team badly needs a victory.
Nancy is going to the store - do we need any milk?
Many patients need continuing care, follow up or rehabilitation.
What are the qualities that are needed for the job?
But to have such an epidemic you need more than an easily transmissible bug.
I think Brad's car needs new tires.
You don't have to paint UPVC windows, and they need only an occasional wash down with detergent.
A job like nursing needs patience and understanding.
Do you need some help?
I needed some sleep.
He needs the information for an article he's writing.
To meet all my criteria I needed to get a job.
Smart public managers spend every penny of every line item, whether they need to or not.
To do that there may be times when we need to put trust in a professional to help solve our difficulties.
His talents were needed to rescue the situation.
We need to take the cat to the vet.
Do you still need volunteers to help clean up after the party?
My hair needs washing.
Don't forget, the plants need watering once a week.