The airline currently operates flights to 25 countries.
By last year, the chain was operating 388 stores in 47 states. 
He started and operated a successful technology business.
The company operates public transport services across the world.
He won one of three licenses to operate casinos in Macau.
They operate 32 marketing teams across the country.
The grill chain operates six restaurants in the Miami area.
Some plants operate their own testing facilities.
The company operates a global network of servers.
Telecom Namibia operates the only public network in Namibia.
The laboratory is still owned by the government but is now commercially operated.
A new late-night service is now operating.
They plan to operate from a new office in Edinburgh.
Retailers operate in a fast-paced environment.
The business operates on a cooperative basis.
We operate independently from our sister companies.
Illegal drinking clubs continue to operate in the city.
Foreign businesses must wait about five months to get a license to operate.
A shuttle bus service will operate to and from the showground.
There are many factors that might affect a firm seeking to operate in a new market.
Our members operate in areas including marketing, financial services, healthcare and housing.
The goal of the plant is to operate in a just-in-time manner.
Local authorities operate within a wider political system.
The production operated within the ethical constraints imposed by the television network.
The government does not operate according to fixed rules.
The industry operates under rigid guidelines.
At that time, the United States operated under the Meat Import Law of 1964.
Their household operates on a tight budget.
The hospital was operating normally.
The internet harbours pharmacies that operate illegally.
In wartime, markets do not operate freely.
These wells have been operating safely for many years.
Market conditions no longer allowed the company to operate profitably.
We operate as an advisory service for schools.
It will continue to operate as a separate company with its own sales and marketing team. 
Multiple similar companies already operate in the same area.
His clinic operated out of Juarez in Mexico.
 A playgroup operates on the campus.
 They were trying to reduce operating costs.
 Nuns are operating an emergency hospital.