Anyone who wishes to participate is welcome.
She didn't participate in the discussion.
We encourage students to participate fully in the running of the college.
The women actively participated in the creation of the artwork.
Other countries were invited to participate in the project.
All employees at least 21 years old are eligible to participate.
Details of the competition are available at all participating stores.
Her family and friends were invited to participate in the ceremony.
I had the opportunity to participate in a student exchange program.
He participates well in classroom activities.
The women participated enthusiastically in literacy classes.
They will have the opportunity to participate actively in the decision-making process.
Twenty-four subjects voluntarily participated in the study.
Most men willingly participated in the war.
We teach students how to participate effectively in our society.
He hated the script and began to wonder why he had agreed to participate.
She was asked to play at the festival, but refused to participate.
He was trying to get the audience to participate.
The grant will be shared among the six participating institutions.
The participating artists each contributed an artwork.
This treaty will require participating countries to develop appropriate environmental labelling.
Being a spectator wasn't as enjoyable as participating.
There are regular class discussions, but some of the students never participate.
We asked a company spokesman to join the debate, but he refused to participate.
Members can participate in any of the trips organized by the club.
But he grew up in a dramatic era and his paintings participate in it.
Almost 90 million members have participated in its nine decades.
Until now the Bush administration has refused to participate in such a programme.
Our employees are encouraged to participate in the decision making process.
However, when the results of the referendum were known, it agreed to participate in the new system.
Over 300 local firms participated in the survey.
Instead, separate Centers of Competence explored issues of interest to the consultants who participated in them.
Each participating State will provide for its legislative approval of defence expenditures.