Several people were passing but nobody offered to help.
I hailed a passing taxi.
The security guard refused to let us pass.
to pass a barrier/sentry/checkpoint
You'll pass a bank on the way to the train station.
She passed me in the street without even saying hello.
Nobody has passed this way for hours.
There was a truck behind that was trying to pass me.
The road was so narrow that cars were unable to pass.
Several buses passed, but did not stop.
He pulled out to pass a truck.
She passed him with a fractional quickening of her pace.
On my way to the cinema, I passed a flower shop.
Will you be passing a post box on your way home?
I just happened to pass a bookshop and saw it in the window.
Police stopped the car after it passed a red light without stopping.
We somehow passed the hotel without noticing it.
You'll pass a supermarket on your right.
The train passes picturesque lakes and villages.
I heard someone passing my bedroom door.
We passed several people going up the mountain as we were coming down.
I was just passing your house, so I thought I'd call.
I was just passing, so I thought I'd call.
We tried to take note of landmarks we passed along the way.
Not many strangers pass this way.
He passed a 30 miles per hour sign doing 120.
We passed the border about half an hour ago.
A passing freight train shook the walls.
A man threw something from the window of a passing car.
I saw no-one except a passing jogger.
He passed along the corridor to a small room at the back of the building.
 We passed through the gates into a courtyard behind.
 We were just passing through and thought we’d drop in to see you.
 The procession passed slowly along the street.
We passed through a security checkpoint.
A plane passed low overhead.
The air cools as it passes along the pipe.
After passing through tall gates, you follow a long curving drive.
We passed through the Spanish Quarter on our way here.
Almost 7 million people pass through the museum's doors each year.
The number of people passing through British airports rose 3%.
The train passes through a desolate industrial landscape.
As the water passes through, the membrane filters out most of the impurities.
As they passed under the bridge they heard a noise above them.
As water passes over rocks, it dissolves many minerals.
They passed down winding streets.
A train was passing noisily over the bridge.
They became used to hearing warplanes pass overhead.
He passed the rope around the post three times to secure it.
She passed her hand across her forehead.
The crowd parted to let the truck pass.
 He gave me a smile as he passed.
 We passed a group of students outside the theatre.
 I pass the sports centre on the way to work.