Mobile phones are not permitted in the examination room.
We were not permitted any contact with each other.
Visitors are not permitted to take photographs.
The owners have been unwilling to permit the use of their land. 
There are fines for exceeding permitted levels of noise pollution.
Jim permitted himself a wry smile.
The bill was designed to permit new fathers to take time off work.
She would not permit herself to look at them.
Permit me to offer you some advice.
I'm sorry, smoking isn't allowed./You're not allowed to smoke here.
Would you mind not talking during the music?
Could I ask you not to use your phone here, please?
I'm afraid I have to ask you not to take pictures here.
Development is not normally permitted in conservation areas.
A new constitution permitted the formation of political parties.
People are breathing in more than five times the permitted level of pollutants.
Permit me to make a suggestion.
The banks were not permitted to invest overseas.
The rules of the club do not permit it.
They were permitted to stay in the country on humanitarian grounds.
We hope to visit the cathedral, if time permits.
I'll come tomorrow, weather permitting.
The password permits access to all files on the hard disk.
The length of the report does not permit a detailed discussion of the problems.
Cash machines permit you to withdraw money at any time.
In summer, meals are eaten in the garden, weather permitting.
Comparison of the Orbiter and Lauder data permits a detailed portrait of the origin and evolution of a giant dust storm.
Prisoners are in a block downstairs, and are never permitted, for any purpose, above that level.
The law permits foreign investors to own up to 25% of British companies.
a new system that permits greater flexibility
It noted that adjustments are permitted in the case of adoption and legitimation.
Horseback riding is not permitted in the park.
Photography will not be permitted inside the courtroom.
I would like to go into this argument in some detail, but time does not permit it.
The facts permit of no other explanation.
This permits opportunities for specialised or interdisciplinary research which are outstanding.
Unit pricing is a system that permits the customer to compare the costs of products.
Addressing the public stigma of mental illness, which permits the unscrupulous to collude with vulnerable patients, is another.
If time permits, you can repeat the process.