Try to persuade him to come.
Please try and persuade her.
She's always easily persuaded.
I'm sure he'll come with a bit of persuading.
I didn't want to go, but my friends persuaded me into it.
I allowed myself to be persuaded into entering the competition.
There was no way to persuade him out of it.
My sister persuaded me out of dying my hair.
Dictators can sometimes be gently persuaded to leave power with special deals that guarantee their safety.
He eventually managed to persuade one of the staff to let him in.
He somehow persuaded the studio to let him make the film.
I was reluctantly persuaded to join the committee.
She was easily persuaded to accompany us.
The education minister personally persuaded the prime minister to rethink.
They had difficulty in persuading the two sides to sit down together.
Can you persuade him to come?
An unsuccessful attempt to persuade her colleagues.
She was persuaded into marriage against her will.
She was persuaded into buying an expensive dress.
Why not invite Larry, if he can be persuaded out of hibernation?
Maguire said he was not persuaded by criticisms in the media.
Neil didn't want to come at first, but we persuaded him.
I tried to persuade his ex-girlfriend to talk to him, but she said no.
As a result, she persuaded Jeff to seek professional counselling.
He eventually managed to persuade me that the documents were genuine.
Incidentally, how did you persuade Michael Heseltine to write it for you?
Teachers need ways to persuade more parents to attend parent-teacher evenings.
It will persuade our big men to turn honest after elections and trust to the mercy of the jury.
After this accident, it will be difficult for the government to persuade people that nuclear power stations are safe.
It is difficult to persuade the Court of Appeal to alter a finding of direct fact by the trial judge.
In response, the chief executive needs to establish a clear vision and persuade the top team to accept that vision.
Some patients report troubles persuading their managed-care health plans to provide cutting-edge care.
We want to persuade them of the value of diplomacy and talks to resolve disputes.
They have to be persuaded to buy a stock, or indeed, sell it.
Probably these men were persuaded to relinquish their rights for a sum of money in lieu.
 I finally managed to persuade her to go out for a drink with me.
 Don’t let yourself be persuaded into buying things you don’t want.
 I’m trying to persuade your dad to buy some shares.
 Leo wouldn’t agree, despite our efforts to persuade him.