A reliable method of predicting earthquakes.
Nobody could predict the outcome.
He predicts a bright future for the business in the next financial year. 
The party is predicting a majority of 20 seats.
It is impossible to predict what will happen.
She predicted the election result would be close.
He predicted it would be a smash hit.
It was predicted that inflation would continue to fall.
The trial is predicted to last for months.
This figure is predicted to rise to one billion by the year 2015.
By 2050, one in six people on the planet will be aged 65 or over.
The number of people globally aged 65 and over is expected/likely to more than double by 2050.
Experts have predicted/forecast that the over-65s will make up 17 per cent of the global population by 2050.
World population is set to reach 9.8 billion by 2050.
Net migration into Britain over the last decade was higher than expected.
Overall population growth in Britain has been in line with predictions.
Every step in the movie is easily predicted.
Few would have dared to predict such a landslide victory.
You cannot predict the weather with absolute accuracy.
Newton's theories allow us to predict the flight of a ball.
It is still too early to predict the degree to which prices will rise.
It is not possible to predict with any certainty what effect this will have.
We can predict with absolute confidence how the newspapers will react.
I think I can safely predict that they will fight the verdict.
But not in any form I could have predicted.
Even the amount of time remaining is almost impossible to predict.
The newspapers are predicting a close election.
Most of the papers are predicting an easy victory for the Dallas Cowboys.
In three years, Mr Kern predicts, every major fund group will offer a microcap fund.
But no-one can predict how new joints will last.
Time and again, his detractors predicted that he would cancel elections and referendums.
Some scientists predict that the Earth's temperature will rise by as much as 5 degrees over the next 20 years.
Purdue was not predicted to win any of them.
It is also possible to predict under what pathologic circumstances excretion of free water would be impaired.
Economists are predicting zero growth for the fourth quarter.