I would prefer it if you didn't tell anyone.
A local firm is to be preferred.
A short-term fixed rate is the preferred option.
I much prefer jazz to rock music.
I prefer quality to quantity.
A few people still prefer landlines over mobiles.
Relevant experience is preferred over formal education.
I prefer my coffee black.
I much prefer to travel by train.
The donor prefers to remain anonymous.
I prefer not to think about it.
She won't discuss her plans in detail, preferring instead to wait until after the election.
Would you prefer me to stay?
I prefer playing in defence.
I would prefer that you did not mention my name.
I prefer beef to lamb.
I'd prefer to wait here.
I'd rather go to the concert than the play.
I think I'd rather stay in than go out tonight.
I like swimming better than jogging.
I think that colour's much more attractive.
It doesn’t really matter to me whether we eat here or go out.
I don't really mind whether we talk now or later.
I’m happy either way.
I don't really care either way.
If it were up to me, I'd choose the green one.
If you ask me, the old one looks better than the new one.
I’m not an expert but Design B seems more eye-catching.
Why are you wanting a new phone when your current one works perfectly well?
What shall we do tonight? I’m thinking bowling.
I’m loving the weather today! 
Employers naturally prefer candidates with some previous experience of the job.
I greatly prefer this version.
I happen to prefer action movies myself.
I prefer his earlier paintings to his later ones.
Industries still tend to prefer virgin raw materials to recycled ones.
I would really prefer to teach girls.
We can eat out if you like, but I would prefer to stay in.
You may simply prefer just to sit on the terrace with a cocktail.
Dave wants to go to New York again, but I'd prefer somewhere more exotic.
If invested instead in bonds or preferred stock, that same dollar would be worth less than $ 1,000.
She preferred the sizzling animosity between them to this ... this awkwardness.
He would prefer to help boost poor working families' incomes through tax breaks.
Cops and gangsters alike prefer to see pachinko remain uneasily in limbo.
Most of my friends take the bus to school, but I prefer to walk.
When I wrote to congratulate him on the latter, he telephoned, which he apparently preferred to writing.
Mark likes lying on the beach, but I prefer visiting museums.
She seems to prefer watching soap operas to talking to me.