A hotel room is being prepared for them.
The college prepares students for a career in business.
The training has prepared me to deal with any medical issue. 
We all set about preparing for the party.
I haven't had time to prepare my arguments properly.
The lectures were carefully prepared.
The teachers prepared students for exams.
I had no time to prepare.
The whole class is working hard preparing for the exams.
The police are preparing themselves for trouble at the demonstration.
I had been preparing myself for this moment.
Her condition is not improving as we hoped. You must prepare yourselves for the worst.
As I waited, I closed my eyes to mentally prepare myself. 
I was preparing to leave.
The troops prepared themselves to go into battle.
How do you go about mentally preparing yourself for a project?
Penn needs to prepare for a medical school interview.
The family are preparing for the worst.
The committee will prepare the ground for next month's meeting.
Early experiments with rockets prepared the ground for space travel.
I've been so busy that I've had no time to prepare.
People on the island are preparing for another storm.
These men and women had spent two weeks preparing for the big occasion, many taking unpaid leave from work.
He only had a few hours to prepare for the interview.
Nothing could have prepared him for what he saw during the war.
Each hotel prepares its own profit and loss account.
When they are not in the classroom, teachers spend much of their time preparing lessons.
The programs are aimed at preparing people who want to start up their own business.
His duties are to prepare the estimates of expenditure for all committees of the council after the council have formulated its policy.
Maintenance staff are busy preparing the field for tomorrow's big game.
Before you start painting, prepare the walls by cleaning them and filling any cracks.
The company is preparing to expand its European network.
Separate drills would have to be prepared to master each of the three clause types.
Its success is owed to the family that runs it with affection and pride, preparing traditional dishes with an easy perfection.
The Americans are preparing two new satellites for launch.
Your unconscious mind works out many of your conflicts in dreams, and generally prepares you for the challenges of the day.