I'm tired of having to pretend all the time.
Of course I was wrong; it would be hypocritical to pretend otherwise.
He pretended to his family that everything was fine.
We pretended nothing had happened.
She pretended she was his niece.
I pretended to be asleep.
He pretended not to notice.
She didn't love him, though she pretended to.
She pretended an interest she did not feel.
Maria knew he was only pretending.
I can't go on pretending any longer.
Couldn't you at least pretend to enjoy it?
It would be foolish to pretend that there are no risks involved.
It's useless to pretend that we might still win.
He pretended to his boss that he'd written the article.
They didn't have any real money so they had to pretend.
Let’s pretend we’re astronauts.
We can’t go on pretending that everything is OK.
 Let’s pretend we’re on the Moon.
 She pretended not to notice.
 He’s not asleep – he’s just pretending.
 To pretend ignorance of the situation would be irresponsible.
 I can’t marry her and to pretend otherwise would be wrong.
I don't think he's asleep - I think he's just pretending.
We thought that he was really hurt, but he was just pretending.
I am so relieved to not be pretending anymore.
I like to drive around in my brother's BMW and pretend I'm a rich businessman.
We were nervous and pretended not to be, and seeing her rig made us look at each other, nodding.
All his waking life he pretended not to hear other voices.
I pretended not to see her, and carried on walking down the street.
And they had not come, or they had sat across from him and pretended that every-thing was fine.
Bill closed his eyes, and pretended that the war was over and that he was safe at home.
They got into the house by pretending they worked for the electricity company.
Jill is on my lap, pretending to be a baby.
She pretended to be ill and took a day off work
We pretended to be students and got into the club for free.
But she was not the same as them, she could not pretend to be.
Then the researchers just pretended to increase the lighting.