Our aim is to protect the jobs of our members.
the section of the treaty that protects the rights of employees
Each company is fighting to protect its own commercial interests.
A majority of Democrats believe that such regulations protect the public.
Troops have been sent to protect aid workers against attack.
They huddled together to protect themselves from the wind.
A paint that helps protect against rust.
Vitamin B12 may have a role in protecting from heart disease.
He felt it was his duty to protect the child.
Keep the camera well protected at all times.
A cream that helps to protect your skin against the sun.
Protect the exposed areas of wood with varnish.
Some pieces of music are protected by copyright.
A star who jealously protects her right to privacy.
A constitutionally protected right of freedom of speech.
The equality of women is protected under law.
The new measures are designed to protect the public from people like these.
The need to protect the environment is paramount.
Polar bears have been protected by law in Norway since 1973.
The plant is protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act.
Many of these sites—of immense scientific interest—are not legally protected.
The Far Eastern markets are heavily protected.
We must take steps to protect the UK as a manufacturing base.
Are we doing enough to protect the environment?
The cover protects the machine from dust.
Waxing your car will help protect against rust.
The painting is protected by thick glass.
Garlic was once thought to protect people against evil spirits.
laws to protect the environment
But Parsons protects the special nature of science through a distinction of levels of selection.
A series of meetings were held to discuss security issues and teach women employees how to protect themselves.
It was just that I wanted, foolishly, to protect you from the unpleasantnesses of life.
They were out to get you and I protected you.
Use high-factor sun lotion to protect your child's skin from the sun.
It will protect your pet from injury and the possibility of getting loose if you are in an accident.