They hope this new evidence will prove her innocence.
He felt he needed to prove his point.
Are you just doing this to prove a point?
What are you trying to prove?
I certainly don't have anything to prove—my record speaks for itself.
The prosecution has failed to prove its case.
She continued to prove her worth to the team.
Just give me a chance and I'll prove it to you.
This proves I was right.
She was determined to prove everyone wrong.
In this country, you are innocent until proved guilty.
You've just proved yourself to be a liar.
This just proves what I have been saying for some time.
Can it be proved that he did commit these offences?
There is clear evidence that TV advertising influences what children buy.
It is clear from numerous studies that TV advertising influences what children buy.
Recent research demonstrates that TV advertising influences children’s spending habits.
Many parents think that TV advertising influences their children. This view is supported by the findings of a recent study, which show a clear link between television advertisements and children’s spending habits.
The findings also reveal that most children are unaware of the persuasive purpose of advertising.
There is little evidence that children understand the persuasive intent of advertising.
The results contradict claims that advertising is unrelated to children’s spending habits.
Manufacturers argue that it is difficult to prove that advertising alone influences what children buy.
He tried to prove his theory to his friends.
The deaths are being treated as suspicious until we can prove otherwise.
This theory cannot be proved scientifically.
The prosecution must prove guilt beyond reasonable doubt.
I'm delighted he proved so many people wrong.
You’re wrong, and I can prove it.
 Tests have proved that the system works.
 I knew he had done it, but there was no way I could prove it to Eddie.
 He claims the police destroyed records that could prove the officer’s guilt.
 They say I’m too old, but I’m going to prove them all wrong.
 I'm telling the truth, and I can prove it to you.
We're sure Jason took the money, but we can't prove it.