She's still learning to read.
Some children can read and write before they go to school.
I can't read your writing.
Can you read music?
I'm trying to read the map.
She can read Arabic, but she can't speak it.
A saxophone is another instrument that uses a reed.
He speaks and reads Arabic fluently.
Most children can read by the age of seven.
She had great difficulty learning to read and write.
He learned to read when he was three.
Some of the kids here can't even read and write.
I'm going to go to bed and read.
The book is very easy to read.
He liked reading to his grandchildren.
Have you read any Steinbeck?
It was one of the most widely read books in the world.
I have read every single post in this entire thread.
I didn't have time to read the novel. 
I just finished reading your recent article.
He read the poem aloud.
Go on—read it to us.
Statements were read to the court from police officers.
She read us a story.
Have you read his new novel yet?
She's that girl over there in the red dress.
The red of the setting sun glowed on the horizon.
I read the words out loud.
Will you read me a story?
What are you reading at the moment?
She reads voraciously.
I used to read to my younger brothers at bedtime.
Could you read the poem aloud to us please?
We teach students to read critically.
She read from the letter.
She read avidly from an early age—books, magazines, anything.
I've just read your interesting article.
I regularly read ‘Time’.
I read a story to my son every night.
I listen to my children reading aloud.
He remembers everything he reads in books.
He's not someone who reads for pleasure.
He read her letter with interest.
Make sure you read the instructions correctly.
I read about the accident in the local paper.
I read that he had resigned.
I read somewhere that women are starting companies at record rates. 
I can't remember where I read it.
That's the most ridiculous thing I have ever read!
Don't believe everything you read in the papers.
I read the reviews on the internet.
Hogan had read about her death in the paper.
I had read of the case in the local newspaper.
I read about it in today's paper.
Generally, the article reads very well.
The poem reads like a translation.
She learnt to read when she was only three years old.