I was delighted to receive your letter.
She received many messages of support.
Police had received information about a planned post office robbery.
to receive payment/thanks
He received an award for bravery from the police.
I received a phone call from her a few weeks later.
I received a lovely email from Tina.
The programme's website received many complaints from listeners.
The service receives no money from the local council.
Any help or donations will be gratefully received.
I just received a call from a concerned parent.
I received a package from my mother.
They currently receive subsidies from the government.
You can expect to receive compensation for all direct expenses arising out of the accident.
You might be entitled to receive housing benefit.
You will automatically receive updates by text message.
I've just received this letter from an old friend.
Please let me know as soon as you receive payment.
 All the children will receive a small gift.
 She received an honorary degree from Harvard.
 She received no support from her parents.
 They will be entitled to receive unemployment benefit.
 He went up to receive his award from the mayor.
 16 to 18-year-olds receiving full-time education
 He received a letter from his insurance company.
 If you would like to receive further information, return the attached form.
 We have received numerous complaints about the noise.
 He received hospital treatment for a cut over his eye.
 Her work has not received the attention it deserves.
She received urgent hospital treatment.
All our staff receive training on dealing with customers.
We have received overwhelming support from the local community.
We received a warm welcome from our hosts.
To receive programmes via satellite.
A device for sending and receiving electronic signals.
I'm receiving you loud and clear.
You will receive your credit card in approximately two weeks.
We received your letter the 1st of March.
I'm sorry I didn't call earlier, but I've only just received your message.
 When she received news of her father's death, she returned home.
Officials have received numerous complaints about airport noise.