The hotel's new restaurant comes highly recommended.
Can you recommend a good hotel?
I recommend the book to all my students.
She was recommended for the post by a colleague.
This game is recommended for children aged 12 and above.
The guidelines recommend low-fat dairy products as excellent sources of calcium
Consult a solicitor who is personally recommended to you.
Food supplements are sometimes recommended for diabetic patients.
I can recommend this book to anyone interested in food.
I definitely recommend this film.
In the 1990s, doctors routinely recommended hormone replacement therapy.
The commission unanimously recommended the proposal.
This book is highly recommended by teachers.
Who would you recommend for the job?
They were invited to recommend likely candidates for the two new positions.
The report recommended a 10% pay increase.
It is dangerous to exceed the recommended dose.
He recommended reading the book before seeing the movie.
I recommend using the latest version of the browser.
My doctor recommended against surgery.
Medical guidelines recommend against using this drug to treat migraines.
I recommend that he see a lawyer.
I recommend that he should see a lawyer.
It is strongly recommended that the machines should be checked every year.
We'd recommend you to book your flight early.
Can you recommend how much we should charge?
We’d recommend you to book your flight early.
a recommended price of $50 
I’d advise you not to tell him.
The group does not advocate the use of violence.
The situation is dangerous and the UN is urging caution.
What do you think would be best?
I can recommend the steak today.
My favourite is the Corner Cafe.
I'd recommend waiting a few months.
I suggest you have another look at the house before you make a decision.
I would strongly recommend that you get professional advice.
Here are a few safeguards I recommend to my clients.
This system has much to recommend it.
He described the town as drab with nothing to recommend it.
Your idea has much to recommend it.
The hotel's restaurant comes highly recommended.
The prosecutor recommended a 15-year sentence.
Can you recommend a good hotel near here?
They would interview applicants and they would recommend a man to him.
The report recommends a number of changes in the existing law.
Ask friends to recommend babysitters. That's the safest way.
I would always recommend buying a good quality bicycle rather than a cheap one.
The first applicant was recommended by a friend of the boss.
The recommended dosage for children is 20 milligrams.
Who would you recommend for this job, Stuart?
I didn't recommend it because I had seen what it had done to sensitive artists like Scott Walker.
Corfu was wonderful - I'd recommend it to anyone.
And all over the nation, older women are getting far fewer than the recommended number of mammography exams.
The Forsyth Report recommended stricter supervision of the trade in live animals.
Doctors recommend that all children be immunized against polio and tuberculosis.
For a number of reasons, therefore, planners may recommend that growth should be channelled into selected settlements.
The directors are recommending that shareholders accept Baldwin's offer.
I strongly recommend that you get your brakes checked before you go on a long drive.
Ask your tour guide to recommend the best places to eat.
In summary, it is difficult for this writer to recommend this book.