Giving up smoking reduces the risk of heart disease.
They will require car makers to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide by 30%.
Costs have been reduced by 20% over the past year.
The number of employees was reduced from 40 to 25.
The skirt was reduced to £10 in the sale.
Towards the coast, the hills gradually reduce in size.
The number of search engines has reduced substantially over the last few years.
Legislation progressively reduced the number of situations in which industrial action could be taken.
Pollution from the works has been reduced by 70 per cent.
The price is reduced from 99 cents to 85 cents.
The risks must be reduced to the absolute minimum.
We need to reduce the speed slightly.
The program aims to reduce or eliminate pesticides.
This could greatly reduce the number of injuries suffered.
She is trying to reduce the amount of time she spends away from home.
Regulating traffic will reduce the accident rate significantly.
Many studios sell ten cards for a reduced rate.
Yoga can help reduce stress levels.
It was a tough decision to reduce the size of the workforce.
The police will be given more resources to reduce violent crime.
The governor announced a new plan to reduce crime.
The helmet law should reduce injuries in motorcycle accidents.
Small businesses will need to reduce costs in order to survive.
The workforce has been reduced by half.
All the shirts were reduced to £10.
The new bridge should reduce travelling time from 50 minutes to 15 minutes.
Their income has been drastically reduced.
Benefits will be reduced by $50 for each child who fails to attend school.
Place over medium-high heat and reduce by half, skimming off any fat that accumulates on surface.
We are reducing costs and investing for more effective operations.
Add vinegar and stock to pan juices and reduce slightly on stove top.
Miriam finds that yoga and meditation help her in reducing stress.
This reduces the advantage to the raider, and so too the likelihood of a takeover.
Doctors are urging people to reduce the amount of salt in their diet.
Supermarkets can help promote healthy eating habits by reducing the amount of sugar and fat in their products.
However, the objective must be to reduce the intake of all pesticides to the absolute minimum.
They gave him drugs to reduce the pain.
I was hoping they would reduce the price a little.
Prompt action can often reduce the severity of shock in road accident victims.
The foot is reduced to a protrusion that they use to pull themselves down into the sand.
The new road will reduce traffic through the town by 30%.
You can greatly reduce your heating bills by using low-energy heaters.
Stopping smoking can significantly reduce your risk of suffering a heart attack.