You can also register online.
The site has 114 million registered users.
a registered charity
We expect about 50 per cent of registered voters to vote in the election.
The police has registered a case against the company.
The regulations require doctors and patients to register in a database.
The ship was registered in Panama.
Six other families were also registered at the same address.
to register at a hotel
She is officially registered disabled.
They encouraged all eligible citizens to register as voters.
He then registered the name as a trademark.
to register with a doctor/dentist
All childminders should be registered with the local authority.
About 700 people registered for the conference.
The drug has not been registered for use in Australia.
More than 5 000 people registered to take part in the contest.
78 per cent reported that they were registered to vote.
About 68 per cent of illegitimate births were jointly registered by both parents.
As I reached my eighteenth birthday I duly registered for military service.
He registered at his local university.
On completion of the preregistration year, graduates become fully registered by the General Medical Council.
Players must register online before playing the game.
Students living away from home are required to register with a local doctor.
There is still time to register for English classes.
They had not properly registered as required by state law.
You must register the death within three days.
the number of people officially registering as unemployed
the preferences of newly registered voters
All students must be registered with a local doctor.
Many older people have registered for a postal vote.
Not all firms are registered for VAT.
Only 2% of the workforce was registered as unemployed.
The company's logo has not yet been registered as a trademark.
Visitors to the country had to register with the police.
You need to go to the Registrar's Office to register the death.
The tanker is registered in Rotterdam.
 How many students have registered for English classes?
 You must bring your insurance card with you when you register with a dentist or doctor.
 The baby’s birth was registered this morning.
Dyson is the boat's registered owner.