If you don't do it now, you'll only regret it.
The decision could be one he lives to regret.
I soon came to regret my action.
She regretted the words the moment they were out of her mouth.
He bitterly regretted ever having mentioned it.
I never regretted dropping out of college.
I deeply regret what I said.
I regret that I never got to meet him in person.
I immediately regretted not asking for his name and address.
It was a decision she would soon regret.
Pierre told them some things he later regretted telling.
She knew that she would live to regret this decision.
The airline regrets any inconvenience.
The president said that his country deeply regretted the incident.
The United States regrets the loss of innocent civilian lives.
I regret that I am unable to accept your kind invitation.
 I very much regret that I cannot be with you this evening.
We regret to inform you that your application has not been successful.
I regret to say that we cannot let you have the picture.
It is to be regretted that so many young people leave school without qualifications.
That was a name he was already beginning to regret.
We truly regret any inconvenience this mistake caused you.
I have always regretted giving up my piano lessons.
A shy smile hinted that he did not entirely regret it.
It was a stupid thing to say, and I immediately regretted it.
I have definitely chosen and I don't regret me choice.
I instantly regret my indiscretion and beg him to keep the news to himself.
I think she regrets now that she never went to college.
Do you ever regret taking this job?
We also read about women who tried to do something and failed and now regret that they even tried.
The owners said they regretted the decision to close the store, but felt unable to do otherwise.
The Public Health ministry said it deeply regretted the error.
The management regrets to inform you that your contract will not be renewed next month.
I regret to say that a number of statements made by the department were incorrect.