The bank has the option of accepting or rejecting this offer. 
The prime minister rejected any idea of reforming the system.
The proposal was firmly rejected.
School officials flatly rejected the proposal. 
All our suggestions were rejected out of hand.
The Government rejected calls for an inquiry.
Don't just reject their suggestions out of hand.
He urged the committee to reject the plans.
It was a badly researched product that consumers rightly rejected.
She firmly rejected the suggestion that she had lied to Parliament.
The paper expressly rejected charges that it had invented the story.
The paper indignantly rejected charges that it had invented the story to boost sales.
The plan was rejected on economic grounds.
The proposal was rejected as too costly.
Their design was rejected in favour of one by a rival company.
Voters emphatically rejected the proposals.
Voters narrowly rejected the plan.
Under the stress of circumstance, the conventional wisdom is rejected.
Green or rotten apples are rejected.
Samantha had consistently rejected all Bob's offers of help.
As a child he was repeatedly rejected by both parents.
Jim was rejected by every college he applied to.
Mitchell was rejected by several law schools.
Ian was rejected by the army because of his bad eyesight.
Ceara rejected calls for his resignation.
She's scared to try to talk to him about it in case he rejects her again.
Lauren rejected her parents' offer of financial help.
He could not marry a girl of his own age and class, because her father would reject him.
Do the Opposition favour it or reject it?
Catherine rejected many suitable men before settling on Tom.
Several hundred people applied, but we had to reject nearly all of them.
Reportedly it was a soup-to-nuts A-to-Z kind of thing that ISVs rejected out of hand as offering them nothing.
Some scholars reject parts of the Gospel as untrue.
Lawmakers also rejected plans to use tobacco-tax money to provide health insurance for 100,000 children of the working poor.
People are free to accept or reject Stone's interpretation of the facts.
The audience is free to accept or reject Stone's interpretation of the facts.
Bush rejected suggestions that his tax cuts favored the most wealthy.
A design team rejected the aerospike concept as too risky.
It was predicted that the Senate would reject the bill by about 60 to 40.
Judge Gifford rejected the defense's request.
She rejected the idea that she should sue him.
Once again, in their view, the world would have rejected their country's claim to international respect.
Feminists rejected traditional notions of the role of women in society.
We considered offering him the job, but finally rejected him.
Please reject the following candidates…
I've been rejected by all the universities I applied to.
Some applicants were rejected outright.
We considered offering him the job, but finally rejected him.
Imperfect articles are rejected by our quality control.
The book was at first rejected by publishers.
No one knows why a foetus is not automatically rejected by the mother's immune system.
The organs are automatically rejected by the immune system.
He was only three when his father left and I think he still feels rejected.
She was rejected by her family and moved to another town.
