Train fares are likely to remain unchanged.
It remains unclear whether Russia will in fact agree to the meeting.
The museum will remain open to the public throughout the building work.
Energy prices might remain high.
His reputation remains intact.
Production levels have remained constant.
He is confident that demand will remain strong.
The rumour was confirmed by a member of the Cabinet,who wished to remain anonymous.
It remains true that sport is about competing well, not winning.
Despite threats of strike action, the management remain hopeful that an agreement can be reached.
Her identity remains a mystery.
In spite of their quarrel, they remain the best of friends.
Scotland voted to remain part of the United Kingdom
He remains a member of the Labour Party.
He will remain as manager of the club until the end of his contract.
As a result, sanctions remained in place.
This law remained in force until 1917.
Power remained in the hands of the former Communist leaders.
They were able to remain in power by forming a coalition government.
She remains in office until July.
Interest rates will remain at current levels well into next year.
It remains the case that not enough graduates are going into teaching.
Security at the airport remains tight.
The level of unemployment remains fairly constant at around 10%.
The library will remain closed until next week.
The pilot urged the passengers to remain calm.
There is every prospect of the weather remaining dry this week.
The man was not charged and the case remains under investigation.
There is more evidence today that inflation remains under control.
The company's reputation remains at risk.
She remains on good terms with him.
They remain on course to win the championship.
The brothers remained under house arrest.
Please remain seated until all the lights are on.
 We remained friends.
 The boy remained silent.
 Despite the job losses, Parker remained as manager.
 Many scientists remain unconvinced by the current evidence.
 For a moment Charles remained silent.
Refusing to make any further protestations, she set her lips and remained silent.
Several people volunteered for being special constables but Tom remained silent.
As their journey continued Ashley waited for her companion's mood to lift, but Vitor remained silent and sombre.
Everyone remained silent, awed by the implications of it.
All three, he said, remained silent during police questioning.