I don't remember my first day at school.
I'll always remember this holiday.
She doesn't remember a thing about it.
She fondly remembered her early years in India.
He still remembered her as the lively teenager he'd known years before.
I remember her from university .
He will be remembered with affection by all who knew him.
As far as I can remember, this is the third time we've met.
I remember seeing pictures of him when I was a child.
Do you remember switching the lights off before we came out?
I remember thinking what a brilliant idea that was.
I remember reading something in the paper about that.
I remember watching the film on television.
I can still vividly remember my grandfather teaching me to play cards.
 I seem to remember the film being genuinely scary.
I can't remember his taking a single day off work.
I remember that we used to go and see them most weekends.
Why are you wanting a new phone when your current one works perfectly well?
What shall we do tonight? I’m thinking bowling.
I’m loving the weather today! 
I distinctly remember Jane saying that the show started at eight.
I mostly remember the art nouveau decor of her living room.
I remember Miss Scott very well.
I remembered back to the time I saw her last.
I specifically remember her saying she would be visiting today.
This is an experience that the kids will enjoy and remember forever.
To this day, people can easily remember the show.
I remember going to Blackpool one summer.
I vaguely remember hearing him come in.
There are books you remember from your childhood.
He was a brave journalist and will be remembered with deep fondness. 
You were going to help me with this. Remember?
If I remember correctly, you were supposed to collect the keys on your way here.
I'm sorry—I can't remember your name.
I can't remember a time when I didn't feel this way.
He couldn't remember the words to any of the songs.
Can you remember how much money we spent?
He was trying to remember where he had parked his car the night before.
Remember that we're going out tonight.
I don't exactly remember what she said.
She finally remembered what she was going to say.
Julia belatedly remembered what else she was supposed to do.
I can't remember exactly what happened.
Remember you may feel sleepy after taking the pills.
It is important to remember that exercise and a balanced diet are the foundation of any successful fitness plan.
The thing to remember is that all of this will take time.
You have to remember that he is still recovering from injury.
You need to remember that the court has a very wide discretion in such cases.
It should be remembered that the majority of accidents happen in the home.
I remember meeting her at a party once.
 I remember my father bringing home a huge Christmas tree.
 I remember it well; I’d never seen my mother so angry.
 She clearly remembers the excitement as they boarded the train.
 I vaguely remember reading something about it in the paper.
 They had three children, if I remember rightly.
 They’ve lived here for as long as I can remember.
 No one got drunk as far as I can remember.