I'm sorry, I've forgotten your name. Can you remind me?
I loved her and wanted to remind her of that.
Your advertisements should remind people of your great location.
Remind me to phone Alan before I go out.
Passengers are reminded that smoking is not allowed on this train.
The paper reminded its readers that 4,500 soldiers were killed on the first day of the Normandy landings.
 Members are reminded that the club's annual general meeting will take place on Thursday.
The bathroom mirror constantly reminds me that I am getting old.
He likes to remind everyone that he is a US senator.
I have to keep reminding myself that things could be much worse.
Can someone remind me what I should do next?
I called to remind him about the party.
I quickly reminded him that I had said ‘maybe’.
I simply remind them that the choice is theirs.
Reading the note suddenly reminded me of my appointment with Angela.
She gently reminded him that the baby was getting cold and should be taken indoors.
She looked at her watch to remind him of the time.
The terrorist attack painfully reminded the Americans that they are vulnerable even at home.
I'm sure I don't need to remind you that we have lost our last ten games.
He had been warning Matilda, reminding her that she could still threaten Edmund's safety to ensure Isabel's obedience.
You've got no choice, he reminded himself.
Its teeth were as yellow as Mrs McCue's and in some strange way it reminded me a little of her.
Oh that reminds me - I'm supposed to take Cheryl to the airport tomorrow.
Remind me to buy some batteries for my Walkman, OK?
I'd love to have lunch next Wednesday, but you'll have to remind me.
I'd better write this down to remind myself.
Yet Mansell-mania reminded some of Beatlemania in the Swinging Sixties.
Doing so directs their attention to their drinking and reminds them that they are trying to moderate their consumption.
Until recently, the seventies were a widely hated era, and with wit and humor, Boogie Nights reminds us why.
Pauline phoned to remind you about the party.
I just want to remind you that your assignments must be completed by Friday.
That way, when the yelling starts, you can remind yourself that it was your choice to work there.
Write down a few notes to remind yourself what you want to say.