The measures are intended to restore public confidence in the economy.
Order was quickly restored after the riots.
Such kindness restores your faith in human nature.
The operation restored his sight).
Peace has now been restored to the area.
Full diplomatic relations have now been restored.
Troops were sent to the area to restore order.
We need to restore public confidence in the industry.
He is now fully restored to health.
We hope to restore the garden to its former glory.
This cream claims to restore your skin to its youthful condition.
She was now restored to health and ready to go back to work.
The army restored him to the throne.
The government promises to restore the economy to full strength.
 She was hoping that the Mediterranean climate would restore her to full health.
 The National Guard was called in to restore order when riots broke out.
 Initiatives to restore peace in the Middle East.
 Vietnam restored diplomatic relations with South Korea on December 22.
 Measures aimed at restoring public confidence in the education system.
 A man whose kindness and sincerity really restored my faith in human nature.
 The church was carefully restored after the war.
 A Victorian fireplace restored to its former glory.
 The earlier restrictions on currency exchange have now been restored.
He spent almost three years restoring a 1922 Rolls Royce.
The building has been carefully restored after the fire.
She's restoring her grandmother's antique dresser.
Small sums of money, but the hope they can restore is priceless.
The utility company is still working to restore power supplies in rural areas.
Surgeons at nearby Stoke Mandeville Hospital were able to put it back on and have restored some movement.
The amount used to restore the income account is, however, no longer the same item as the income originally borrowed.
Experts are still working to restore the painting.
You can also create one of these compressed archives that can be moved to another computer and restored there.
After decades of colonial rule, and the land was finally restored to its rightful owners.
It is hoped brown trout will be restored to the Darenth before 2000.