He struggled to retain control of the situation.
The house retains much of its original charm.
She retained her tennis title for the third year.
He has successfully retained his position as national president of the society.
He was allowed to retain his parliamentary seat.
Her new music largely retains the distinctiveness of the old.
The president retained her as his chief adviser.
Please retain your ticket stub during the event.
Residents of the home are able to retain their independence.
To retain talent, companies must give employees the opportunity to develop.
These plants will need a soil that retains moisture during the summer months.
This information is no longer retained within the computer's main memory.
She has a good memory and finds it easy to retain facts.
It's important that you retain a sense of proportion when you're feeling depressed.
For some one who worked in what she believed to be such a hard-nosed profession he retained a sensitive streak.
The treaty would not allow any country to produce, acquire, or retain chemical weapons.
It is suggested that you retain copies of the documents for at least three years.
Robertson retained his post as Minister of Information.
If a symbol does not symbolize what one thinks good or true, there can be no reason to retain it.
It retained its pot-shape although the pot was gone.
Children would retain more if the summer vacation were shorter.
The town has retained much of its country charm.
Only four members of the original marketing team will be retained next year.
Florian's relatives will retain rights to the property.
Schools around the state say they're having a hard time attracting and retaining teachers, especially in certain fields.
The new design will be more modern, while retaining the graceful shape of the original.
However, some have retained the more traditional method of charging commission on transactions only.
The Commission retains the services of consultants in specialized fields.
The rims of the eyes also have this same bright blue, and they retain this coloration in the adult stage.