He is retiring next year after 30 years with the company.
The company's official retiring age is 65.
Lots of teachers like me expected to retire on a full pension.
She was forced to retire early from teaching because of ill health.
She retired from politics after her second term in office. 
My dream is to retire to a villa in France.
He has no plans to retire as editor of the magazine.
She was retired on medical grounds.
As for me, I am quite ready to retire.
He is hoping to retire early on medical grounds.
He recently retired as CEO of the company.
He recently retired as head teacher of their school.
I'm hoping to retire in about five years.
In a few years, I'll be eligible to retire.
Most employees retire at 60.
Mr McNeil is due to retire later this month.
She recently retired from teaching.
She has decided to retire from international tennis.
He officially retired from the day-to-day operations of his company.
She retired from the bank last year.
She simply couldn't afford to retire at sixty.
She's on course to retire quite comfortably by the time she's 55.
He was medically retired at the age of 55.
At 75, Stevens has no plans to retire.
Everyone should have the right to a pension when they retire.
Mrs Davies retired after 45 years with the company.
He retired as Principal ten years ago, but still does a lot of fund-raising for the school.
If you retire at 50, you won't get your full pension.
My father retired at 65.
The captain retired at ten o'clock with a glass of whisky.
Will, now approaching his seventies, wanted to retire but their savings were insufficient to allow him to do so.
Preparing to write his great work of self-analysis and retrospection, Proust in effect retired from life.
When Jean retired from modelling, she moved to Cornwall.
Jim Rutland retired from the Navy last year.
The Lawson brothers retired from the police force in January.
In the UK, men usually retire in their late 50s or early 60s.
He came back the following year only to retire once more during the exhibition season because of the resistance.
She too looks like a retired person, retired from the turbulence beyond the perimeter wall.
Moser said the elder Carman was a retired union official.