We will be reviewing all the topics covered this semester.
Jonas helped me review for the test.
Next week we're going to be reviewing for the final.
I think it would be a good idea to review the material in chapter 10.
Take a little time to review your notes the evening before.
The government will review the situation later in the year.
The company is reviewing its business travel policy.
After reviewing the evidence, the judge dismissed the case.
This case should be reviewed in the light of new evidence.
to review a decision/proposal
Staff performance is reviewed annually.
These ideas will be examined in more detail in Chapter 10.
The job involves gathering and analysing data.
He tried to analyse his feelings.
The government will review the situation later in the year.
We will study the report carefully before making a decision.
This topic will be discussed at greater length in the next chapter.
We are currently reviewing our options.
Progress will be reviewed every three months .
Pull out your budget and critically review each line on it.
Safety procedures are being urgently reviewed after a chemical leak at the factory.
This figure will be reviewed from time to time in the light of inflation.
The decision may need to be reviewed in the light of new evidence.
Let's start by reviewing the evidence.
This paper reviews the literature on the subject. 
The next section briefly reviews previous studies.
Students can review the material at their own pace.
You should review the document carefully before signing.
We will review your situation and decide how we can help you.
 The decision will be reviewed by the Supreme Court.
 The team manager’s position will be reviewed at the end of the season.
 We'll spend this week reviewing for the final.
 He reviewed the course that his administration had followed and intended to pursue in the future.
 One of its first actions on taking power in March was to set up a committee to review the project.
 It should also review the results achieved.