He risked his life to save her.
She was risking her own and her children's health.
He risked all his money on a game of cards.
They were willing to risk everything for their liberty.
He was prepared to risk everything in order to achieve his ambition.
I wouldn't risk my money on a scheme like this one.
I wouldn't risk my money on this investment.
If they stayed there, they risked death.
These families risked losing everything.
I can't risk anyone telling my parents about it. 
I refuse to risk being hurt.
I simply can't risk being seen there.
families who risk losing their homes
They knew they risked being arrested.
I didn't want to risk being late.
He risked a glance at her furious face.
They risked the wrath of the government (= risked making them angry) by leaking the story.
It was a difficult decision but we decided to risk it.
I knew I would be in trouble if I was found out, but I decided to risk it anyway.
We've been advised not to risk travelling in these conditions.
 He risked a cautious glance over the wall, and saw a group of guards standing by the gate.
 You also see them risking accident and injury in car lanes, weaving in and out of traffic.
 They risk arrest but have the support of some Civil Guards.
 One thing you never did was correct Nivea and risk being called a young miss-know-it-all.
 For example, committing to clear performance objectives risks both clear success and clear failure.
 They had risked death in order to get their families to America.
 Many refugees risk death or arrest in their attempts to flee persecution.
 Once he started wandering aimlessly, a trainee risked disturbing the gods at play.
 He had risked his own health to help the sick during the epidemic.
 He was still too attached to his national status to risk it by appearing partisan.
 Road conditions were supposed to be pretty bad, but we decided to risk it.
 The university has already cut its budget as much as possible without risking its quality and reputation.
 I decided to risk looking for a place to stay when I got there, rather than booking in advance.
 Companies cannot risk losing customers through computer problems.
 It was refreshing to hear publishers and booksellers risking offending each other.
 I don't want to risk offending your parents.
 The Carnegie Hero awards are given to those who risk their lives to save others.