He sat up on the hard bunk and rubbed his eyes. 
She rubbed her chin thoughtfully.
He rubbed a hand wearily over his eyes.
Rub the surface with sandpaper before painting.
The cat rubbed itself against my legs.
I rubbed at the stain on the cloth.
Animals had been rubbing against the trees.
Rub the surface smooth.
She rubbed her hair dry quickly with a towel.
I rubbed a clear patch on the window with my fingers.
He gently rubbed his swollen nose.
I rubbed my glasses with my handkerchief.
She rubbed her hands on her apron.
She stood up, rubbing at her back.
Rubbing a dock leaf on a nettle sting is said to get rid of the pain.
The teacher rubbed against the blackboard, getting chalk all over his back.
These days rucksacks are made with specially padded straps so that they do not rub against the shoulders.
Sethe rubbed and rubbed, pressing the work cloth and the stony curves that made up his knee.
Had the ex-scumnik's laboriously acquired veneer rubbed away, though, at the prospect of mayhem?
I had to rub hard to get the marks off.
Alice yawned and rubbed her eyes.
Ann woke up and rubbed her eyes.
Scathach stirred, sat up and rubbed his eyes, blinking at the dawn, scratching his beard.
Colin yawned and rubbed his eyes.
Bill had fallen on the path and was rubbing his knee.
Rodriguez rubbed his leg to ease the pain.
A fragment was rubbed into the eyes, causing them to water copiously.
Tom spread sun cream onto the baby's back and began to rub it in.
Place the block oil-side down into some jeweller's rouge powder, then rub it on to the mirror edge.
When the cat rubs its back against my legs, I know it's hungry.
Badly fitting shoes will rub more painfully if you are not wearing socks.
Could you rub my neck? It's really stiff.
This seatbelt is rubbing my shoulder.
He rubbed polish in little circles on to the shoes that Erlich thought were impressively polished.
Rub the bowl with garlic before adding the breadcrumbs.
She washed her hands and face, rubbing the lipstick away with a flannel.
Swallowing convulsively, she rubbed vigorously at her face and hair with a large bath towel until her skin burned.
About once a month I rub wax into the table to keep it in good condition.
The teacher turned and rubbed what he had written off the board.
She rubbed her hands in delight.
In some cultures, people traditionally greet each other by rubbing noses.
She rubbed her hands together in effort to warm them. 
He made a fire by rubbing sticks together.
It sounded like two pieces of wood rubbing together.
The back of my shoe is rubbing.
The wheel is rubbing on the mudguard.
Their perpetually wet clothes rubbed against their skin. 
The horse's neck was rubbed raw where the rope had been.
She rubbed the lotion into her skin.
Rub salt over the fish before cooking.
Put a little cream onto each hand and rub it in well.
