Be quiet, I have something to say.
Come and say hello.
Please say yes!
I didn't believe a word she said.
That's a terrible thing to say.
She said nothing to me about it.
He said his name was Sam.
Can I just say I'm not happy about this.
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.
It is said that she lived to be over 100.
She finds it hard to say what she feels.
He said to meet him here.
He is said to have been a brilliant scholar.
Sorry to interrupt, but I have to disagree with that.
Could I just say something here?
If I could, let me stop you there for a moment and go back to your previous point.
Actually, we seem to have strayed a bit from the topic. Can we go back to the first point?
Just a moment, Sue. Can we hear what Jack has to say on this?
May I interrupt you there? I don't think that's true.
I’m sorry, but we’re running short on time. Can you please summarize very quickly so we can finish up?
I appreciate your enthusiasm on this topic, but I’m afraid we have a couple more people to hear from.
I’m sorry, I really have to stop you there. We've run out of time.
Let’s save that conversation for another time.
Anne said she was tired.
What did he say to you?
She didn’t say what she intended to do.
Have you told him the news yet?
Anne told me she was tired.
Can you tell me when the movie starts?
Can you give me some information about the school?
The doctor told me to stay in bed.
The doctor told me I had to stay in bed.
The doctor said I had to stay in bed.
A government spokesman was quoted as saying that they would take steps to restore order.
Can you honestly say you're sorry?
I dared not say a word about it to anyone.
I heard him say they were leaving tomorrow.
I've forgotten what I was going to say.
Try to say that line with more conviction.
The notice said ‘Keep Out’.
The clock said three o'clock.
The instructions say we should leave it to set for four hours.
The book doesn't say where he was born.
The guidebook says to turn left.
Say what you like about her, she's a fine singer.
I'll say this for them, they're a very efficient company.
Anna thinks I'm lazy—what do you say?
I can't say I blame her for resigning.
I have to say I enjoyed every minute.
I say we go without them.
I wouldn't say they were rich.
That's not to say it's a bad movie.
It's hard to say what caused the accident.
It's difficult to say whether the story is true.
Is it worth it? I would say not.
Do you have anything to say about this?
I wouldn't like to say what the impact might be on my business.
She wasn't at her best, it has to be said.
It's difficult to say exactly where it will land.
I hate to say it, but I think Stephen may be right.
I have to say I didn't expect it to be so good.
It is fair to say a considerable amount of effort went into the project.
