There was a bang and I heard someone scream.
I wanted to run screaming from the room.
The kids were screaming with excitement.
I screamed in pain. 
The man screamed in agony and collapsed.
He heard a few of the children screaming with laughter.
People ran for the exits, screaming out in terror.
The boy screamed out, as he felt a man's hand grab his arm.
The baby was screaming itself hoarse.
screaming fans
Despair shook him and he screamed silently in the darkness.
I was so bored I wanted to scream.
People were staggering about, screaming with pain.
People were screaming and yelling, passing out, fainting.
After the first few shots, people started screaming.
 She jumped to her feet, screaming in terror.
 The children were screaming with laughter.
 She was screaming her head off.
 She began to scream blue murder.
 He was dragged kicking and screaming to a nearby van.
Someone was screaming for help.
He screamed at me to stop.
Everyone started screaming at each other. 
She started screaming and shouting at me.
He screamed hysterically at me.
She screamed abuse at him.
She screamed out abuse at him.
I started pounding on the door screaming my lungs out. 
He screamed his head off at me. 
His sister screamed out that he was crazy.
Stop shouting and listen!
She yelled at the boy to get down from the wall.
She ran over to the window and cried for help.
He screamed at me to stop.
We all cheered as the team came onto the field.
She never once raised her voice to us.
She screamed at me to get out of the way.
Maria felt like screaming at her husband.
Sammy screamed at me to stay back.
Let him scream for a while.
The boy screamed for help.
Their brethren had fled screaming from the battlefield.
Adam screamed, loud and violent, in his attempt to absorb the pain.
He would scream obscenities, loud enough to scare me half to death just by the sound of them.
They are doing exactly what they are screaming others are doing to them.
As a child, I used to wake up screaming with terror in the middle of the night.
She woke up screaming with terror.