She searched in vain for her passport.
Police searched for clues in the area.
The customs officers searched through our bags.
I've searched high and low for those files.
I found these photos while searching among some old papers.
His house had clearly been searched and the book was missing.
Police searched the area for clues.
Firefighters searched the buildings for survivors.
Police are still searching for the missing child.
I searched around for a thick stick.
We searched among the rocks for crabs.
He searched in his pocket and found a few coins.
We searched the house from top to bottom.
He searched desperately for something to say.
We are continually searching for ways to cut costs.
She paused, searching for the right word.
They were still searching for answers about what had happened.
You can search for any word or phrase in the text.
I searched online today for more information on sonic booms.
The database can be searched by keyword, topic or source.
I searched the internet for recipes.
You can also search online for a job.
I was searching this history website for something about Alexander the Great.
It's a software tool for searching documents and retrieving information.
Search the index to find the address of the data file.
All visitors to the prison are thoroughly searched.
I searched a few websites, but couldn't find the information I was looking for.
They could search a thousand years and they'd not find it.
All visitors will be searched before entering the prison.
To find a book on our site, you can search by author, title, or subject.
Relations in databases are designed to be searched by the primary keys.
Elizabeth left me and I searched every corner of the hotel - every dark doorway and staircase.
Bidwill is notorious for his secrecy while searching for a coach.
I did a search for any articles by Varenqe on the web, and I found quite a few.
The company, named for a friend who died from an infection, would search for new targets for antibiotics.
The 73-year-old Republican standard-bearer took time out of his busy campaign schedule last week to search for those roots.
The men were all searched for weapons and then allowed to enter.
You can search on the Internet for the names of dealers in your area.
At the site, rescue workers have been searching systematically in the hope of finding more survivors.
Police have searched the area near his home, but have so far found nothing.
Frantically he cast about, searching the ground.
The crow bar raised over his head, he searched the water for the keg among other things.
We searched the whole house for Diane's ring.
Our leaders will have to search their consciences before agreeing to this deal.