He didn't see the joke.
I don't think she saw the point of the story.
He changed the way we see the world around us.
to see a/the need for something
I see no need to involve the law. 
I can see both sides of the argument.
They saw nothing wrong with having three cars.
Make Lydia see reason, will you?
Can’t you see he’s taking advantage of you?
I don't see that it matters what Josh thinks.
Oh yes, I see what you mean.
They will be able to see what really happened there. 
I don’t understand the instructions.
Doctors still don’t understand much about the disease.
I can see why you were so angry about it.
I don't see why she should get more money than the others.
I fail to see how this idea will help anyone.
It is difficult to see how to get around this problem.
He doesn't see how important this is.
I don't quite see what he's getting at.
I don't think she saw the point of the story.
 I can’t see why he’s so upset.
 I see what you mean.
 I can’t see the point of spending so much money on a car.
 Do you see the point I’m making?
 The other officers laughed, but Nichols couldn’t see the joke.
 I just can’t get her to see reason!
 I see things differently now.
Try to see things from her point of view.
The way I see it, you have three main problems.
As far as I can see, you've done nothing wrong.
Lack of money is the main problem, as I see it.
She is in love with him but Darren sees their relationship in a different light. 
He seemed to regard the whole thing as a joke.
I wouldn’t call German an easy language.
You may find your illness hard to accept.
Who do you consider responsible for the accident?
Try to see things from her point of view.
How do you view your position within the company?
Having a child makes you see things differently.
 Violence is seen in different ways by different people.
 As I see it, you don’t have any choice.
 The way I see it, we have two options.
 I see the job as a challenge.
 He saw himself as a failure.
 The peace talks are seen as a sign of hope.
 This type of work is often seen as boring.
 Teachers need to be seen to be in control.
 The government must be seen to be doing something about the rise in violent crime.