She looked for him but couldn't see him in the crowd.
I looked out of the window but saw nothing.
The opera was the place to see and be seen.
I would like to see some proof of this statement.
The divers reported seeing a lot of sharks.
He recalls seeing his father sitting at the kitchen table. 
I've never seen anything like this!
He could see she had been crying.
Did you see what happened?
If you watch carefully, you’ll see how it is done.
I hate to see you unhappy.
She was seen running away from the scene of the crime.
I saw you put the key in your pocket.
He was seen to enter the building about the time the crime was committed.
The walls were too high to see over. 
The pirate was a renowned terror of the eastern seas.
It's a secret—make sure nobody sees!
She was eager to seize any opportunity that was offered.
She looked for him but couldn’t see him in the crowd.
He could see she had been crying.
I’ve just spotted a mistake on the front cover.
She caught sight of a car in the distance.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror.
He’d glimpsed her through the window as he passed.
I can't wait to see his face!
I could see the boat clearly now.
We could just see the hotel in the distance.
The star is bright enough to see with the naked eye.
I know it's hard to believe but I saw it with my own eyes.
He was surprised to see Lucy standing there.
I looked up, only to see Tommy chatting to someone.
I'd love to see her win the gold medal.
It's nice to see the children playing together.
He didn't live to see his grandchildren.
On a clear day you can see for miles from here.
It was getting dark and I couldn't see to read.
I could hardly see because of the smoke.
 The moment we saw the house, we knew we wanted to buy it.
 He crouched down so he couldn’t be seen.
 Can I see your ticket, please?
 I saw the offer advertised in the newspaper.
 You can see the Houses of Parliament from here.
 Can you see where the marks are on the wall?
 He saw that she was crying.
 I saw him leave a few minutes ago.
 The suspect was seen entering the building.
 As you can see, the house needs some work doing on it.
 From the tower, you can see for miles.
 I can’t see a thing without my glasses.
 Did you see that programme on Brazil last night?
In the evening we went to see a movie.
Fifty thousand people saw the match.
I finally got to see them in concert.
I really want to see this film now.
This performance was very beautiful, like nothing I had ever seen before.
 I remember seeing that movie when I was a kid.
It's not the sort of thing you see on TV that often.
This film really deserves to be seen on a big screen.
If you look carefully you can just see our house from here.
We’re going to see ‘Romeo and Juliet’ tonight.