I think it's time we sought legal advice.
They sought refuge in the mountain villages.
She fled the country and is now seeking asylum in Sweden.
The pilot sought permission to land.
EU citizens have the right to seek employment in any member state.
He has not sought medical treatment for his condition.
She was determined to seek revenge.
She managed to calm him down and seek help from a neighbour.
We need to seek approval from the local council.
They came seeking for the truth.
He intends to seek custody of the children.
We are currently seeking new ways of expanding our membership.
I think you should seek guidance from your lawyer on this matter.
I advise you to seek assistance from the police.
to seek funding for a project
He was desperately seeking a way to see her again.
Employers are seeking further clarification of the proposals.
It is best to seek a compromise rather than a perfect solution.
Lawyers are seeking an out-of-court settlement.
The police are seeking independent confirmation of certain details of the story.
They are now seeking endorsement for their ideas.
To receive the benefit, you have to be actively seeking work.
They sought comfort in each other.
Do you think the president will seek re-election?
 Thousands of people crossed the border, seeking refuge from the war.
 He sought revenge against Surkov for separating him from his wife and son.
 Local schools are seeking to reduce the dropout rate.
 He sought to establish himself as a writer.
They quickly sought to distance themselves from the protesters.
They initially sought to blame others for the disaster.
He encouraged governments to adopt a more forceful approach in seeking to improve the environment.
The research project will seek to find an answer to this question.
The state has actively sought to develop tourism.
He too is thought not to be seeking re-election.
Also pictured is Annie Gallagher, who did not seek re-election.
The Carsons sought advice from their lawyer.
Each person has never sought an honour or payment for their selfless work, preferring quietly to get on with the job.
Or shall we seek comfort in the language of religion?