He hasn't been selected for the team.
All our hotels have been carefully selected for the excellent value they provide.
She was selected as the parliamentary candidate for Bath.
A randomly selected sample of 23 schools.
This model is available at selected stores only.
She selected an apple from the fruit bowl.
It is important to select a software package that suits your requirements.
Six theatre companies have been selected to take part in this year's festival.
Select what you want from the options available.
They could select from a range of choices depending on their interests and skills.
You choose—I can’t decide.
He was selected for the team.
A randomly selected sample of 23 schools.
She picked the best cake for herself.
We’re still trying to decide on a venue.
After graduating she opted for a career in music.
After a lot of thought, I opted against buying a motorbike.
I think I’ll go for the fruit salad.
You can select goods from our catalogue.
Students select modules according to their interests.
The program automatically selects and stores the most frequently used data.
The winning entry will be selected at random by computer.
They were selected as finalists for this year's awards.
They were selected on the basis of size.
This anthology is well selected and presented.
Although this was a very highly selected study group, the results were in agreement with our findings.
This feature should clearly be borne in mind whilst selecting a shortlist.
Most begin with a simple picture that will help you select and set up the demonstration.
The ad was airing in only selected areas, although the campaign would not say where.
Beginning salaries were slightly higher in selected areas where the prevailing local pay level was higher.
We selected four applicants for interview.
I selected four postcards.
The team's name was selected from more than 1,700 suggestions.
Our wines have been carefully selected from vineyards throughout Europe.
Candidates for the union are supposed to be selected in 1998, based on 1997 performance.
The college selects only twelve students a year from the thousands who apply.
To create parallel columns, press Alt-F7 and select option 4.
It's very important that parents select the right school for a child with learning difficulties.
Avoid the temptation to select too much.