I recently sold my bike. 
His father went bankrupt and the family had to sell their home.
The board agreed to sell the company.
The shares were sold in the open market.
We offered them a good price but they wouldn't sell.
The council is planning to sell the land to developers for housing.
I sold my car to James for £800.
I sold James my car for £800.
They sold the business at a profit.
They sold at a loss.
They never buy more than they can sell at a good price.
Genes for human skin exist in every human cell.
He suggests she sell her house and go to Brazil with him.
It will be hard to sell 300 tickets.
The company has been forced to sell land to recoup some of the losses.
The painting was sold at auction for $11.3 million.
The property proved hard to sell.
They are still trying to sell their house.
This medicine is sold over the counter.
Your broker has the right to sell your shares.
Most supermarkets sell a range of organic products.
Do you sell stamps?
His books are sold worldwide. 
She decided to sell her work in order to support her family.
They began selling spectacles in 1783.
We sell these little notebooks at €1 each.
Many banks are willing to buy and sell shares on behalf of customers.
90 percent of the goods sold in its stores were made in Britain.
Increasing numbers of drugs are licensed to be sold over the counter. 
The book sold well and was reprinted many times.
The new design just didn't sell (= nobody bought it).
The magazine sells 300,000 copies a week.
Their last album sold millions.
The pens sell for just 50p each.
We're hoping the house will sell quickly.
It sold shares in an initial public offering in May 1994.
My parents sold the stereo at a garage sale.
The antique buttons are very valuable, and we sell them for £100 and upwards.
The painting was sold to an art gallery in Philadelphia.
Some land was raised, leveled and sold to farmers.
It is illegal to sell tobacco to anyone under the age of 18.
If you can, wait to sell until prices are high.
The handcrafted rocking horses have sold well across the United States.
They don't even sell white heather any more or tell your fortune.