Stir the sauce constantly so that it does not separate.
Separate the eggs.
A civil war separated the two sides.
It is impossible to separate belief from emotion.
The law separating church and state.
Make a list of points and separate them into ‘desirable’ and ‘essential’.
Mechanically separated meat made from cattle and sheep has now been banned.
One cannot easily separate moral, social and political issues.
These two branches of the science have now become clearly separated.
An island resort totally separated from the mainland.
I separated the documents into two piles.
They separated last year.
He separated from his wife after 20 years of marriage.
This will keep your dressing from separating.
 At this point, the satellite separates from its launcher.
 Separate the students into four groups.
 Human behavior cannot be separated from its biological base.
 Break an egg into a bowl and separate the white from the yolk.
 South America and Africa separated 200 million years ago.
They are actually twins separated at birth.
South America separated from Africa 200 million years ago.
We separated into several different search parties.
Police tried to separate the two men who were fighting.
The war separated many families.
Those suffering from infectious diseases were separated from the other patients.
Women and men are separated in Orthodox synagogues.
The children were separated into two groups.
It was impossible to separate the rival fans.
The boys are separated from the girls.
Two men separated from the others and walked towards me.
Enslaved parents were forcibly separated from their children.
Ed stepped in to separate the two dogs.
 In the fog, they got separated from the group.
 A thousand kilometres separates the two cities.
It is not uncommon for families to be separated by great distances.
A high wall separated our back yard from the playing field.
At this point a barbed wire fence separates the United States and Mexico.
The lighthouse is separated from the land by a wide channel.
I never wanted to be separated from him again.
A tall fence separates the two houses.
 Some of the pages had got stuck together and I couldn't separate them.
If you two don't stop talking during class, I'll have to separate you.
 She looked over the picket fence that separates her lawn from the neighbor's.
 As the milk turns sour, it separates into thick curds and watery liquid.
 Teachers thought it best to separate Paul and Fred and put them in different classes.
 Separating prisoners from each other is sometimes the only way of preventing riots.
At this point, the satellite separates from its launcher.