The whole house shakes when a train goes past.
Shake the bottle well before use.
The explosion shook windows miles from the site.
She shook him by the shoulders.
He knelt and gently shook her awake.
She shook her hair loose.
The ground began to shake.
He shook the blankets vigorously to get rid of the dust.
Shake the pan gently to settle the contents.
She must have shaken the baby quite violently to inflict such severe injuries.
She bent down to shake a pebble out of her shoe.
His father used to come home and shake the dust off his work clothes.
He stood up, shaking sand everywhere.
Do people in Italy shake hands when they meet?
She refused to shake hands with him.
He stepped forward and shook my hand.
Our host shook each of us warmly by the hand.
They shook hands on the deal.
They shook on the deal.
Let's shake on it.
The captains shook hands before the game commenced.
If I met him I'd shake him by the hand and congratulate him.
The man shook his fist at the court after he was sentenced.
Her hands had started to shake.
He was shaking with fear.
He saw his mother turn away, her shoulders shaking with laughter.
His whole body shook with rage.
I was shaking like a leaf.
He was almost shaking with the intensity of what he was saying.
He was crying and shaking all over.
I found myself shaking uncontrollably with cold.
I just couldn't stop shaking.
I was numb with dread. I was literally shaking.
Roxy was practically shaking with anger.
Natalie fairly shook with laughter.
She got up, her legs shaking as well as her hands. 
The old man watched them walk off into the night, shaking his head sadly.
She shook her head in disbelief.
He shook his head at the thought.
When he went he shook my hand.
The others were all shaking with laughter.
I felt myself shake with anger.
 Her shoulders shook with laughter, her alabaster cheeks flushed with warmth.
 Eventually a frail young women appeared, shaking with fear.
 My hands were shaking so much I could hardly write my name on the exam paper.
  Parker hopes to shake his image as a dull, unimaginative politician.
 Brad got up and shook his legs to get all the grass off.
 The huge explosion shook houses up to five miles away.