The police rarely shoot to kill.
The soldiers were given orders to shoot on sight.
troops shooting at the enemyy
Have you ever shot a gun before?
They shot the lock off.
She shot a bullet right at me but missed.
He shot an arrow from his bow.
The laundry chute leads down to the washer-dryer area in the basement.
The recruits are learning to shoot at targets.
She posed for the cameras as though for a fashion shoot.
I thought for a moment that he was going to shoot.
She practised for days until she could shoot straight.
If they shoot, we shoot back.
The soldiers shot back at invading planes with rifles.
The soldiers were shooting at a target.
They began shooting at the enemy.
Troops shot into the air to stop the rioting.
Police shot one suspect when he pulled a gun on them.
 Smith killed his wife, and then shot himself.
 A woman was shot dead in an attempted robbery.
 He had been shot in the back while trying to escape.
 The guards have orders to shoot intruders on sight.
 Don’t shoot! I’m coming out with my hands up.
 Two guys walked in and started shooting at people.
 The soldiers had orders to shoot to kill.
 They shot arrows from behind the thick bushes.
 Tod’s grandfather taught him to shoot a rifle.
 They spent the weekend in Scotland shooting grouse.
 He shot himself during a fit of depression.
He was left brain-damaged after being shot in the head.
They were shot in the back while trying to escape.
A man was shot in the leg.
In the struggle the burglar was shot with his own gun.
Four policemen were fatally shot during the incident.
Three people were shot dead during the robbery.
Forty people a day are shot and killed in this country.
She was shot to death for a crime she did not commit.
Any intruders will be shot on sight.
He accidentally shot himself in the foot.
If caught, the men could be summarily shot as spies.
He was shot at close range.
Does this gun actually shoot?
This is just a toy gun—it doesn't shoot real bullets.
They go shooting in Scotland.
President Kennedy was shot by a lone gunman.