The figures clearly show that her claims are false.
The government's popularity is declining, as the polls show.
Our research showed us that women were more interested in their health than men. 
The report showed an increase in sales.
Studies show a link between cancer and processed meats.
His new book shows him to be a first-rate storyteller.
Tax records show Shakespeare living near the Globe Theatre in 1599.
This shows how people are influenced by TV advertisements.
History has shown us how dangerous nationalism can be.
This bar chart illustrates how many journeys people made on public transport over a three-month period.
This table compares bus, train, and taxi use between April and June.
The results are shown in the chart below.
In this pie chart, the survey results are broken down by age.
This pie chart breaks down the survey results by age.
As can be seen from these results, younger people use buses more than older people.
According to these figures, bus travel accounts for 60 per cent of public transport use.
From the data in the above graph, it is apparent that buses are the most widely used form of public transport.
The survey showed that 58% of Britons were against the change.
Statistics show that close to half of all antibiotics used are employed in agriculture.
A public consultation appeared to show that most of the UK population oppose GM crops.
The study showed the effects of the drug on the brain.
There is no evidence to show that this is the case.
Records show he was born in Poland in 1857.
What the results show is that the more herbicide farmers use on crops, the worse it is for wild plants and animals.
The telecoms company has 11.8 million customers, data shows.
“We will show people that organic is best,” he said.
Field tests have shown good results.
Research has not shown any consistent difference in effectiveness of the two treatments.
Records show a message being sent at 12:38.
Experience shows us what can happen when resentment is allowed to build up.
I'm giving him a chance to show what he can do.
Gary has shown his faith in the club’s future by agreeing to stay on.
 Mike needed a copy of the will to show that the books had been left to him.
 We have shown our critics that we can succeed.
 This document shows how to oppose bad decisions about new housing.
 She just wants a chance to show what she can do.