You have to show your ticket as you go in.
If there's a letter from France please show it to me.
Have you shown your work to anyone?
Have you shown anyone your work?
We were shown a training video.
Anyone picking up a parcel has to show ID.
You may be required to show proof of age.
The police officer showed his badge.
We want to show our product to the consumer.
She showed her new toy to her friends.
I showed my press pass to the woman on the door.
Come out and show yourselves!
I want a dress that won't show too much of my arms.
He wore a mask that showed only his eyes.
She did not want her face shown.
Show me your hand—it looks sore.
Don't let anyone in unless they show you their card.
Show mummy your picture.
They showed us their holiday photos.
We showed him the film and he said it was good.
Students were shown a video and then asked questions.
He showed me our location on the map.
Show me which picture you drew.
Show me which one is you in this photo.
The doctor asked him to show her where on his body it hurt.
Can you show me where your school is on this map? 
Show me which one you like best.
Show me who's the man you saw.
I showed her some differences between the two photographs.
She had a warm woollen hat and scarf on that left only her eyes and nose showing.
Nothing showed on the X-ray.
Their new white carpet showed every mark.
He grinned, and his teeth showed white in the darkness.
Light was showing under the door.
It's such a tiny mark, it hardly shows.
The cloth was folded so that the stain didn't show.
I tried to cover the bruise with make-up, but it still showed.
His hands were clenched, the whites of the knuckles showing.
His shirt tail was showing from under his jersey.
A patterned rug won't show the dirt.
The MRI scan showed a mass which was likely to be a tumour.
The X-ray didn't show any fractures.
The path showed white in the gathering dusk.
The glacial ice shows blue.
The photographs clearly show a broken window.
She had objected to a photo showing her in a bikini.
This picture shows my mother as a young woman.
The painting shows St George slaying the dragon.
What does this image show?
The picture shows a column of black smoke coming from the building.
Satellite photographs showed some sort of industrial facility.
The vase shows a hunting scene.
Her works typically show solitary women.
old cine film showing the family on holiday
This photo shows them on their honeymoon in Cornwall.
The picture shows him as a baby.
The footage appeared to show her entering the store on the night of the attack.
objects from antiquity that show people working on the land
This painting shows him slightly older.
The map shows the principal towns and rivers.
The clock showed midnight.
The end-of-year accounts show a loss.
The flow chart shows how resources are allocated.
The data showed a 14 per cent growth.
The rain gauge showed 2.5 inches.
The scale showed 63 kilograms.
My watch was showing the time as 3:33.
Figure 4 shows the costs for each option.
The response curves are shown in Fig. 1.
The graph shows two peak levels of risk.
The table shows how many participants in each of the five samples used the internet.
They brought in maps showing what the regional council proposed.
 His happiness showed in his face.
 Her scar doesn’t show, because her hair covers it.
 Stephen was worried, and it showed.