He has shown his commitment to his art.
She wants to show the world her ability.
She had shown herself unable to deal with money.
You have shown yourself a master tactician.
He has shown himself to be ready to make compromises.
He has shown that he is ready to make compromises.
He failed to show any great acting skills.
He has shown himself worthy of the trust placed in him.
By doing this you risk showing yourself to be an outsider.
He has shown himself to be one of those critics who ignores context.
If you publish an article, you'll show yourself to be a credible expert. 
We wanted to show that we could live simply.
You've clearly shown that you can't be trusted.
She's shown us all that she can rise to a challenge.
She has shown everyone her talent.
I want to show people that I'm serious about this.
I wanted to be there to show support.
They showed no respect for their parents.
They showed their parents no respect.
They have shown us nothing but kindness.
We want to show support to young artists making their way.
Nobody showed any sympathy for my situation.
He pleaded with them to show mercy.
They showed the prisoners no mercy.
I think they could show a bit more empathy in the way they deal with this.
He was appalled at the lack of courtesy shown by staff who failed to respond to emails.
Fear showed in his eyes.
She tried not to let her disappointment show.
They loved working together, and it shows (= it can be seen in their work).
She showed no interest in my work.
Her expression showed her disappointment.
The market shows no sign of slowing down.
Her second attempt showed a marked improvement.
The new strategy shows promise.
She tried not to show how disappointed she was.
Lewis refused to show any emotion.
James began to show signs of impatience.
Investors are beginning to show a lot of interest in the idea.
She couldn't help showing some irritation.
He's nearly sixty now, and it shows.
Her experience showed in the confident way she handled the problem.
The fields are beginning to show signs of drought.
Inflation is beginning to show its effects.
The new model showed some significant improvements over the old one.
The condition of the skin showed little change.
Her work shows a clear sense of purpose.
Products aimed at kids are showing the biggest growth. 
Her face rarely shows what she is feeling.
He has shown where his priorities lie.
Think positively and show some determination.
 She had learned not to show her emotions.
 It was the sound a man might make when in pain but trying not to show it.
 Mary showed great interest in the children.