She sat and stared at the letter in front of her.
May I sit here?
He went and sat beside her.
the man who had sat next to me on the plane
She was sitting at her desk.
She always sits in that chair.
 Four people sat around the table.
It’s too cold to sit outside.
The children were all sitting quietly and listening.
Make sure you are sitting comfortably, with your back straight and supported.
She came over to talk to us, leaving him sitting alone.
We asked the waiter for a bigger table so that we could all sit together.
He just sits there watching the television.
We sat talking for hours.
I sat waiting for the soloist to walk onto the stage.
May I sit here?
Please sit down.
Come in and sit yourselves down.
She was seated at the head of the table.
She perched herself on the edge of the bed.
Elmer was happily sitting in his high chair.
He sat bolt upright, hands folded in front of him.
He was sitting against the wall.
He would sit quietly and watch what was happening.
She sat demurely on the edge of her chair.
She sat under an apple tree.
She was sitting astride a horse.
The children sat cross-legged on the floor.
The manager sat behind his desk.
They sat opposite each other.
The kids sat around a campfire.
We sat at a table in the corner.
We sat in silence for a few moments.
We reached the hospital and were told to sit in the waiting room.
I can't just sit in front of the computer for hours.
He was sitting on the couch with a book when I got home.
She noticed the older man sitting across from her.
He lifted the child and sat her on the wall.
She sat him down in front of the fire with a hot drink.
I sat on the shore and looked at the sea.
 She was sitting in a chair by the fire.
 She’s the girl who sits next to me at school.
 In the driving seat sat a man of average height.
 Jean sat at the table writing a letter.
 They sat sipping their drinks.
 We used to sit and listen to her for hours.
 He came over and sat beside her.
 Sam sat opposite her and accepted a cigarette.
 I gently led her to the chair and sat her on it.