Attempts are being made to solve the problem of waste disposal.
You can't solve anything by just running away.
I hope that he can find a good way to solve these problems.
Being with peers and friends does not necessarily solve this feeling of loneliness.
The problem cannot be solved with spending cuts alone.
We hope the difficulty can be solved by getting the two sides together to discuss the issues.
We need to focus on solving the country's problem.
A plan designed to solve the housing problem.
research aimed at solving the growing problem of child obesity
The Board met several times last week to try to solve the firm's financial crisis.
Unemployment will not be solved by offering low-paid jobs in call centres.
Charlie thinks money will solve all his problems.
 The best way of solving our dilemma.
 More than 70% of murder cases were solved last year.
 He made attempts to solve a mathematical equation.
 The police have appealed for help in solving the case.
We were given clues to help us solve the puzzle.
This question has never been satisfactorily solved.
The mystery has not yet been completely solved.
You chaps usually bring as much trouble with you as you solve.
They thought money would solve all their problems.
The role of the press is to sell newspapers, not to solve crime.
Casey is very good at solving crossword puzzles.
Simply making drugs legal will not solve our nation's drug problem.
These games encourage children's ability to solve puzzles using their mathematical skills.
Well, that solves that problem, she thinks to herself.
The government is to launch a new building programme in an attempt to solve the housing crisis.
At last astronomers have solved the mystery of the rings encircling the planet Saturn.
The roof used to leak but last week I fitted some new tiles and that seems to have solved the problem.
The second world war had solved the problems of the 1930s depression.
According to Greek legend, it was Oedipus who solved the riddle of the Sphinx.
There were a number of problems to be faced, but one by one he managed to solve them.
To solve these problems takes vision as well.
I'm never going to solve this puzzle - it's impossible.
