The President refused to speak to reporters.
We never spoke about her illness.
The confidential setting allowed us to speak freely about our concerns.
I've spoken to the manager about it.
Can I speak with you for a minute?
I saw her in the street but we didn't speak.
We talked on the phone for over an hour.
Have you discussed the problem with anyone? 
I’ve spoken to the manager about it.
We only communicate by email.
Dolphins use sound to communicate with each other.
Politicians will be debating the bill later this week.
You shouldn’t have done it without consulting me.
I'm speaking from experience.
I didn't get a chance to speak to him.
No one had ever dared speak to him like that before.
Employees have to get permission to speak to the media.
We're not speaking to each other at the moment.
Police would like to speak to anyone who saw the incident.
Speaking to journalists before the premiere, the actor praised the film.
I've spoken to a number of people and they all agreed with me.
Speak to friends and family first, before making any major decisions.
It's better to speak directly to the patient.
I need to speak to Joseph about this matter.
I need to speak with your parents.
You should speak with someone who knows more about the subject.
I had the opportunity to speak with the president alone.
I spoke at length with him last week.
I need colleagues with whom I can speak frankly.
He spoke on condition of anonymity.
I could guess what he wanted to speak about, but I let him broach the subject.
We've spoken about this many times before.
We spoke briefly on the phone.
I know who she is, but we've never spoken.
The brothers have fallen out and barely speak.
The illness left him unable to speak.
Please speak more slowly.
Without speaking, she stood up and went out.
He speaks with a Scottish accent.
She speaks in a husky voice.
She has a beautiful speaking voice.
She was so moved she could hardly speak.
Nancy spoke softly.
You must speak loudly and clearly on the stage.
He lost his ability to speak.
He was so afraid of breaking down he couldn't trust himself to speak.
The main character speaks directly into the camera.
She opened her mouth to speak and found she couldn't.
He nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
I nodded, afraid to speak.
For a while nobody spoke.
Raise your hand if you want to speak.
They take it in turns to speak.
Look at me while I'm speaking.
He always tends to speak first in any situation.
Do you feel shy about speaking in meetings?
The children are never given a chance to speak.
They were speaking in hushed tones.
The characters speak in Cockney accents.
The whistle blower spoke anonymously on the radio.
I'm speaking from experience, having been there often.
I'm speaking from a teacher's perspective.
She's speaking from a position of authority.
Hundreds of people came to hear her speak.
I hate speaking in public.
He was invited to speak at a conference.
to speak on the radio
Professor Todd spoke to the group about her research.
She spoke in favour of the new tax.
He has a number of speaking engagements this week.
I heard him speak at the debating society.
She speaks on health issues.
He said he was not authorized to speak on the matter.
She was invited to speak at a Harvard conference.
She is scheduled to speak today to the Economic Roundtable of Jacksonville.
He was speaking at a Democratic Party rally.
I visualized myself speaking in front of a large crowd.
He spoke in support of the bill on the senate floor. 
In the past he has spoken against gay marriage.
I speak on behalf of many thousands of women.
She spoke eloquently about the need for action.
He will be speaking to history students about the causes of war.
He spoke at length about socialism.
First I'll speak briefly about the background to the project.
She spoke clearly and engagingly about her work.
She still speaks about him with great affection.
He was speaking publicly for the first time about the incident.
Her students speak very highly of her.
Speaking of travelling, are you going anywhere exciting this year?
The brochure speaks of beautiful secluded grounds.
Nobody mentioned anything to me about it.
I promised not to refer to the matter again. 
Witnesses spoke of a great ball of flame.
He cited his heavy workload as the reason for his breakdown.
Can you quote me an instance of when this happened?
He spoke of the need for patience.
He speaks of the experience as one of the highlights of his career.
They're speaking of things they don't understand.
He speaks frankly about his own shortcomings.
She has never spoken openly about her early life.
You can speak freely about anything you like.
They are willing to speak candidly about their pain and loss.
He spoke passionately about his novel.
He speaks very warmly of you.
They speak nostalgically of those days.
