We spent the day at the beach.
I like to spend time with my friends.
Her childhood was spent in Italy.
How long did you spend on your homework?
They spent the whole night talking.
I've spent years trying to learn Japanese.
to spend hours/days/months doing something
Most of her life was spent in caring for others.
We spent the weekend in Paris.
How do you spend your spare time?
He couldn't find a hotel and had to spend the night in the car.
He spent six months in prison for the offence.
She spends more time at work than at home.
She had to spend two nights in hospital.
There is concern about the amount of time our children spend in front of screens.
She spends three hours a day on exercise.
I've spent ages on this so I hope it's all right.
We spent a very pleasant evening at a restaurant.
We usually spend Christmas with my parents.
The family spends every Thursday evening together.
Every hour spent on practice is worth it.
I spent a couple of hours talking to him but it was time well spent because he really helped me.
This is where I want to spend the rest of my life.
They spend winters in the Caribbean.
After nearly 3 decades spent as a teacher, she's ready for a career change.
I spend too much time watching television.
Just spend a few minutes checking your work.
He plans to spend a week touring the south coast.
I spent about 20 minutes reading the wrong manual.
In the summer she spent two weeks doing work experience at a law firm.
You can spend the rest of the day relaxing.
We'll spend the morning working in small groups.
He has spent his life helping other people.
A lot of time has been spent in developing these methods.
Time spent in training staff is never wasted.
She spends too much effort on things that don't matter.
The teacher spends a lot of energy planning a good lesson.
The storm had finally spent itself.
All his energy is spent on revenge.
I can see you've spent a lot of energy on this.
For a guy who spends so much energy trying to pick up women, Roger's pretty awful at it.
There's not enough effort spent exploring these issues.
Considering he spends so much effort criticizing our ideas, you'd expect him to come up with some alternatives. 
I felt that this excitement could not keep on long, that it must soon spend itself.
It seemed at the time that the frantic rush to buy smartphones had finally spent itself. 
My daughter's spending the night with a friend.
I can’t afford to spend any more money this week.
spend £5/$10 etc
 I only want to spend about $20.
spend something on something
 More money should be spent on education.
spend something on somebody
 Mum never spends any money on herself.
 The repairs cost a lot, but it’s money well spent