The news had spread and was causing great excitement.
Use of computers spread rapidly during that period.
Within weeks, his confidence had spread throughout the team.
The disease spreads easily.
The idea spread quickly in the years that followed.
Someone's been spreading rumours about you.
He's using his rap music to spread the message that violence is wrong.
The disease is spread by mosquitoes.
The virus is primarily spread from person to person through coughing and sneezing.
The depression started in the US and spread quickly throughout the world.
His fame had spread far and wide.
The disease can be spread by contact.
I wish he would stop spreading lies about me.
The effects of this policy spread far beyond children now at school.
There is no evidence that the cancer has spread.
The fire rapidly spread to adjoining buildings.
Water began to spread across the floor.
A smile spread slowly across her face.
Allow plenty of space for this plant as its roots spread widely.
A strong wind spread the flames.
Using too much water could spread the stain.
Seeds and pollen are spread by the wind.
We have 10,000 members spread all over the country.
Expertise in this field is very thinly spread across the country.
Friends may be spread geographically. Neighbours, by definition, are nearby.
The valley spread out beneath us.
Could I spread the repayments over a longer period?
 There will be 12 concerts spread throughout the summer.
 Fire quickly spread through the building.
 He watched the dark stain spread over the gray carpet.
 The disease spread rapidly amongst the poor.
 The cancer had spread to her liver.
 Revolution quickly spread from France to Italy.
 News of the explosion spread swiftly.
 Buddhism spread to China from India.
 The news spread like wildfire (=very quickly).
 Word spread quickly that she was leaving.
 Andy loves spreading rumours about his colleagues.
 They are spreading the word about the benefits of immunization.
 the forest that spread over the whole of that region
 The company has more than 2,500 shops spread throughout the UK.
 The bills are sent out on different dates to spread the workload on council staff.
 They want the country’s wealth to be more evenly spread.
 The disease is spread by mosquitoes.
 Why not pay monthly and spread the cost of your car insurance?
A series of five interviews will be spread over two days.
The course takes forty hours, spread over twenty weeks.
We attempted to spread the workload between the departments.
We tried to spread the workload evenly between the departments.
