The castle stands on the site of an ancient battlefield.
An old oak tree once stood here.
Books stood in piles in the corner.
He points up to where a ruined building stands, surrounded by bare trees.
The two buildings stand back-to-back.
The stone manor house stands halfway up a hill.
There was a farm down the lane from where our house stood.
A mature sycamore tree stands at the bottom of the garden.
Here and there, dark trees stand.
The monument stood in the middle of an artificial lake.
A grandfather clock stands in the hall.
There was a gaping hole where the tower once stood.
The hotel stood about 65 metres above sea level on the cliff.
The house stood empty for a long time.
You stand accused of a terrible crime.
As things stand, there is little chance of a quick settlement of the dispute.
We stand ready to help if you ever need it.
The machines stand idle because there is no one to operate them.
The property stood vacant for about six years.
His reputation deserves to stand higher than it does.
Make sure you know where you stand before you commit to anything.
I'd rather he was honest with me, then at least I'd know where I stand.
Where do we stand? Are we going to be allowed to continue?
Give me a call tomorrow and let me know how things stand then.
As it stands, there are two main sides to the debate. 
As it currently stands, takeovers by foreign companies need the approval of this committee.
In the real world, as things currently stand, this rarely happens.
The train standing at platform 3 is for London, Victoria.
 A lamp stood on the table.
 Near the railway station stood a hotel.
 Some remains of the original house still stand.
 Can you stand that pole in the corner for now?
 I closed the lid and stood the case against the wall.
 Stand Molly up on a chair so she can see.
 The kitchen door stood open so she went in.
 scores of derelict houses standing empty
 I’m not too thrilled with the way things stand at the moment.
 The evidence, as it stands, cannot be conclusive.
 Where do things stand in terms of the budget?
 I will know within the next month or two how I stand.
 He urged the whole community to stand united and to reject terrorism.
 We should stand ready to do what is necessary to guarantee the peace.
 countries that have stood together in times of crisis
 The car’s been standing in the garage for weeks.
 The mixture was left to stand at room temperature for 15 minutes.
 The train was already standing at the platform.