She was too weak to stand.
a bird standing on one leg
Don't just stand there—do something!
I was standing only a few feet away.
We all stood around in the corridor waiting.
Stand still while I take your photo.
We stood talking for a few minutes.
People stood waiting for a bus in the rain.
After the earthquake, only a few houses were left standing.
He felt so weak he could hardly stand.
The man stood with his arms folded.
She stands with her back to the camera.
We stood side by side.
The painting shows a figure standing on a river bank.
People are shown standing or sitting in various poses.
Please remain standing until the judge takes her seat.
He stood stiffly in the middle of the room.
That's me standing in the middle on the back row.
She came and stood next to me.
You have to stand outside to smoke.
She stood silently staring at the screen.
She stood shyly in the corner, sipping her drink.
people standing in line at the supermarket
Soldiers stood guarding the gates.
They stood facing each other.
As they stood watching, the building began to burn. 
He stood awkwardly in the doorway, not sure what to say.
Her parents stood proudly at her side.
I stood there staring at him.
She stood on tiptoe to reach the shelf.
She stood rooted to the spot, too afraid to move or speak.
The roof was so low I could not stand upright.
He stood and looked out to sea.
He was standing on a chair, trying to change a light bulb.
She stood by the window, gazing out.
Stand still when I'm talking to you!
She walks confidently, standing tall.
He stood naked in front of the mirror.
The kids were standing around chatting.
There were several people standing at the counter.
He grew up at 17 Leopold Strasse, where the house still stands.
It was one of the few trees standing after the forest fire.
They fought until only one man was left standing.
These majestic trees have stood for hundreds of years.
The wind damaged some of the crop so that it's no longer standing.
Only a short portion of the fence is still standing.
Most of the castle walls and both the towers still stand.
Everyone stood when the president came in.
We stood up in order to get a better view.
I tried to stand up and found myself in agony.
She was too weak to stand.
Stand still when I’m talking to you!
Please don’t get up!
Stand up straight!
Everyone would stand up when the teacher entered the classroom.
Would you all rise, please, to welcome our visiting speaker.
I helped her to get to her feet.
I’ve been on my feet all day.
She stood and walked out of the room.
He stood up to shake my hand.
The crowd stood and cheered.
Stand up so we can see you.
We have to stand up when the headteacher comes into the room.
The man slowly stood and started walking towards us.
When he stands up I see that he's over six feet tall.
She finished eating, stood and pushed her chair back.
Stand the ladder up against the wall.
I stood the little girl on a chair so that she could see.
The tower stands 30 metres high.
The trophy stands five feet high.
 John stood six feet tall.