I can't stand his brother.
I can't stand the sight of blood.
I can't stand it when you do that.
She couldn't stand being kept waiting.
She couldn't stand to be kept waiting.
I can't stand people interrupting all the time.
How do you stand him being here all the time?
I can’t stand his brother.
She couldn’t stand being kept waiting.
He despised himself for being so cowardly.
I can’t bear having cats in the house.
They loathe each other.
They absolutely detest each other.
I can't stand that man!
I can't stand bland food.
One thing she can't stand is whining.
Even with people I really can't stand, I try to be polite.
You need to at least know if you can stand a person before you go travelling with them.
Her friends can stand me, but they don't really love me.
She couldn't stand the thought of being stuck with him all evening.
Get out—I can't stand the sight of you!
Get out—I can't stand to look at you!
How can you stand it here?
The two of them can barely stand each other.
I used to love that album, though I can hardly stand it now.
I just can't stand them talking about work non-stop.
I can't stand it when he looks at me like that.
She can't stand it when people are rude.
I can't stand to listen to this garbage.
I can't stand him looking at me like that.
His heart won't stand the strain much longer.
Modern plastics can stand very high and very low temperatures.
It can stand being dropped from a great height without breaking.
Can you stand me touching your hand or is it too sore?
I can't stand to see him suffer any more.
He could stand the pain no more.
How could she have stood such treatment for so long?
Unable to stand the suspense, she opened the envelope.
At last, unable to stand it any longer, she screamed at them to shut up.
I'm not sure if the bookcase can stand any more weight.
There is a limit to how much stress the crop will stand.
I don't know how you can stand the heat.
I gave up because I couldn't stand the pressure.
The audience can stand about an hour before it starts to get restless.
The grief of losing a child is more than anyone can stand.
I couldn't stand the thought of never seeing him again.
It was so bad, I couldn't stand to watch.
I can't stand to touch it without flinching.
It smells so bad that no-one can stand to come near it.
She could barely stand hearing his name spoken without crying.
They were unable to stand their father being treated with such disrespect.
It will stand being heated to high temperatures.
I couldn’t stand the thought of leaving Danielle.
 I’ve had about as much as I can stand of your arguing!
 I don’t know if I can stand the waiting any longer.
 How can you stand Marty coming home late all the time?
 She’s a strong woman who stands no nonsense from anyone.
 Linen can stand very high temperatures.
 His poetry will stand the test of time