I start work at nine.
He's just started a new job.
The kids start school next week.
It's a long story. Where shall I start?
It started to rain.
I was starting to feel tired.
Mistakes were starting to creep in.
She started laughing.
Suddenly things started happening.
It's time you started on your homework.
Let's start by reviewing what we did last week.
If you want to find out more, this website is a good place to start.
Do you mind if I sit here? 
Hello, is this seat taken?
May I join you? Can I get you a coffee?
Excuse me, could I ask you a question?
Shall we make a start? I think it's almost three o'clock.
Shall we get started? I'd like to introduce our speaker.
I think everyone's here, so I'd like to welcome you to this conference.
The story begins on the island of Corfu.
We’ll need to start at 7.00.
Who do you think started the fire?
By early evening he was ready to start work.
She started work in the mill when she was just 14 years old.
When we started this project, we didn't know what to expect.
At that point I just started to hate the man.
The garden is starting to look very bare.
I'm starting to think I should move somewhere else.
She started to wonder whether she was imagining it all.
Her heart suddenly started to race.
He started to get angry.
He started getting angry.
The girl next to me started to talk to me.
The girl next to me started talking to me.
People have started saying that they don't want to use social media any more.
Things were very different when I started working here 17 years ago.
I need to start getting ready.
It's time to start thinking about next year.
Maybe you should start looking for a new job.
When did you start playing the piano?
You'd better start packing if you're to leave early tomorrow morning.
We'll just have to start all over again.
I've finished decorating the bathroom, so now I can start on the bedroom.
He finished all his own food and started on mine.
He has just started at school.
I don't know where to start with all this work.
Start from the beginning and tell me exactly what happened.
I'll have to start again from scratch.
We start by examining the evidence.
Start by preparing the planting area.
If you want to learn about frogs, this book is an excellent place to start.
Work is due to start this weekend.
What time does the show start?
Have you any idea where the rumour started?
Who started the fire?
I'm ready to start the process of writing.
Do you start the day with a good breakfast?
You're always trying to start an argument.
The news started me thinking.
When does the class start?
When does the concert begin?
The discussion started off mildly enough.
Tom will kick off with a few comments.
The festival kicks off on Monday, September 13.
The meeting is scheduled to commence at noon.
The story opens with a murder.
A new term was about to start.
When does the class start?
The new season starts on Monday.
Her career in the civil service started in 1998.
The fire is thought to have started in the kitchen.
After the war started, many people tried to leave.
It's a great opportunity to start a new career.
These producers start their planting season a week or two earlier than normal.
They started a war that wasn't justified.
Before you start the game, you choose a character to play as.
Who started the fight?
It's his fault. He started it.
A campaign was started for his release.
Our goal is to start a conversation with our customers.
Birmingham Royal Ballet start the new season with an intriguing triple bill next week.
We want to start people talking about issues that matter to them in their community.
It was Liz that started me listening to classical music.
Start the engines!
He started the recording.
I can't get the car started.
The car won't start.
He walked over to his truck, got in and started the engine.
Pushing the ignition button starts the engine.
Dan started the lawn mower again.
I couldn't get the car to start.
Her voice was drowned out when the car started.
There was a delay because the motor wouldn't start.
The blender won't start unless the lid is closed properly.
The company started in 1894 in Pennsylvania.
There are a lot of small businesses starting up in that area.
She started a business while she was still at school.
I decided to start a fashion blog.
They want to start a family (= to have children).
He decided to start up his own film festival.
They decided to start a catering business.
She started the company in the 1990s.
She started a yoga class at work.
Maria started a Spanish conversation class in the village hall.
I made several attempts to start my own clothing company.
If you're passionate about a hobby, why not start your own blog?
When we started the band we never expected this.
This was a club started by music fans, for music fans.
They are offering incentives for new businesses to start up in the area.
There are a lot of costs when you're just starting up.
He started up his own chain of hotels.
We started up this website as a way for people to make contact with fellow enthusiasts.
What made you decide to start the business up?
The trail starts just outside the town.
Hotel prices start at €80 for a double room.
A sentence always starts with a capital letter.
The evening started badly when the speaker failed to turn up.
The best professional musicians start young.
The 109-mile bike race starts and finishes at the end of Market Street. 
The river starts in northwest Arkansas.
Let's start with this first piece of music.
The walk starts from the carpark on Nimmings Lane.
He could not remember exactly where the taxi ride started.
Your tour starts at the Cathedral.
Players start in the centre of the board and move outwards.
The prints are not expensive, starting at $35.
We start from the premise that every child matters.
We are starting from a difficult position because we have very little information.
I started with the idea that I wanted to write about family.
It often helps to start with a simple question.
The story starts in the mid 1960s in a small English town.
The show starts with a bang and maintains the excitement throughout.
The film starts well, but halfway through the story starts to drag.
The team started strongly but faded in the second half.
It's better to start slowly and learn as you go.
She started relatively late as an artist.
James started small with $5,000 in contracts.
I start simple, with just a geometric shape.
He started full of confidence, but something went wrong.
She started as a secretary but ended up running the department.
It started as a hobby and grew from there.
The company started out with 30 employees.
I started off as a dishwasher making 25 cents an hour.
He started life as a teacher before turning to journalism.
She started her career working for the BBC. 
I started as a trainee and ended up a supervisor.
It started as a joke, but we soon realized people were taking it seriously.
The World Wide Web started as a way for scientists and academics to share information.
The film started as an experiment to see if I could do something new.
I started out washing cars at the golf club.
It's probably best to start out renting equipment.
We started off with just a few product lines.
He started work as a butcher's boy and now has his own shop.
I started my working life as a studio photographer.
The magazine started life as a comic book in 1952.
The building started life as a prison but was converted to a luxury hotel.
