Stay there and don't move!
I just want to stay in bed today.
She stayed at home while the children were young.
We ended up staying for dinner.
People are being advised to stay indoors.
Can you stay behind after the others have gone and help me clear up?
I'm staying late at the office tonight.
My hat won't stay on!
I can't stay long.
I can stay a few minutes longer.
I can stay for a few more minutes.
We stayed to see what would happen.
They stayed talking until well into the night.
Alex stayed behind when the others had gone.
Stay here while I go find out what's happening.
She asked everyone else to leave the room but I was allowed to stay.
Many students choose to stay after graduating and find jobs in the area.
He preferred to stay at home and watch TV.
I was allowed to stay home from school because I was sick.
She stays in her room most of the time.
We liked the city so much we decided to stay there.
I had no more reason to stay in California.
Complications could arise which require you to stay in hospital.
We can't stay here indefinitely.
‘Stay with me!’ he pleaded.
Why don't you stay for the rest of the day?
I'm going to stay until tomorrow.
Afterwards he stayed to chat and sign autographs.
I didn't stay to watch the rest of the show.
He stayed watching for a while, then went home.
I'd love to stay chatting but I must go.
I'd love to stay and chat but I must go.
We encourage people to stay and have drinks after the movie.
Do you run away or stay and fight?
The ducklings stay close to their mother.
The camera stays on her face throughout the scene.
I dropped a sandwich on the floor and it stayed there all week.
They stayed all afternoon chatting.
 I decided to stay home.
 Isabel stayed for a year in Paris to study.
 Stay in bed and drink plenty of liquids.
 She stayed late to finish the report.
 Stay right there! I’ll be back in a minute.
 Why don’t you stay for supper?
 Some of the students stayed after class to talk.
 I should stay and help.
 My sister's coming to stay next week.
She's working here for two weeks and needs a place to stay.
We found out we were staying in the same hotel.
He's staying with friends this weekend.
I missed the last bus and had to stay overnight.
I stayed three nights at my cousin's house.
She's staying with her sister.
We had an exchange student staying with us.
We've got friends coming to stay.
Where will you be staying while you're in Scotland?
How long are you staying?
We're staying a week in the mountains and a week by the coast.
I'm staying at a hotel near the beach.
I went to stay at their house in the country.
It's one of the best places to stay in town.
We can give you tips about where to stay and what to see.
A young couple was staying in the room next door.
He stayed for over a week.
He invited her to stay for a while.
We had friends staying for the weekend.
Come and stay any time!
He needs somewhere to stay.
They haven't got anywhere to stay.
Won't you let me stay?
I say it's a trick to persuade him to stay.