I can't stay awake any longer.
The store stays open late on Thursdays.
He never stays angry for long.
I don't know why they stay together (= remain married or in a relationship).
Inflation stayed below 4 per cent last month.
We said goodbye and promised to stay in touch.
She did not want to stay in nursing all her life.
The TV stays on all day in their house.
We promised to stay friends for ever.
She wanted to stay working in the pub.
Humans need minerals to stay healthy.
How do you stay calm under pressure?
It's important children learn how to stay safe online.
At the moment, it's all fine. Let's hope it stays that way!
The script manages to stay fresh and funny through 25 episodes.
You will have to continue to change and grow if you want to stay competitive.
Somehow the company managed to stay afloat.
People want to stay fit as they age.
She has stayed true to her principles.
Organizations invest vast amounts to stay ahead in the race for information.
advice on how to stay positive during hard times
I was told to stay quiet.
He can't stay still for five minutes.
I was so tired I could hardly stay upright.
I've tried hard to stay strong through all this.
She managed to stay cool during the meeting.
Lost and so far from other human life, he faced a desperate struggle to stay alive.
She wanted a drink but she had to stay sober.
Email is a great way to stay in touch with friends.
He managed to stay in power for almost 15 years.
It's now quite unusual to stay in the same job your whole working life.
The tax cuts will stay in place for two more years.
financial help for parents to stay at home with their children
Many small shops are struggling to stay in business.
His big brother used to help him stay out of trouble.
I tried to stay out of sight.
It stayed cloudy for most of the day.
Let's hope it stays fine for the wedding this afternoon.
I try to stay on top of musical trends.
The project manager makes sure the project stays on track.
He planned to stay a virgin until he was married.
Don't click on the image if you want it to stay the same size.
You can't stay living with your parents forever.
I stayed hiding until he left.
Rollings will stay as chairman this year.
 Eat right to stay healthy.
 It was hard to stay awake.
 Nine women gained weight, and four stayed the same.
 Stay away from my daughter!
 You stay on this road for a mile before turning off.
 Most of her boyfriends don’t stay around very long.