Stop talking and listen!
We talked on the phone for over an hour.
Who were you talking to just now?
Ann and Joe aren't talking to each other right now.
Watch the scene where Don talks to himself in the mirror while shaving.
We looked around the school and talked with the principal.
They talk a lot about the inspiration for their music.
When they get together, all they talk about is football.
I don't know what you're talking about.
She started talking loudly to her friends about the film they'd just seen.
Mary is talking of looking for another job.
We often talked of the war.
We talked ourselves hoarse, catching up on all the news. 
He was so easy to talk to.
I think you'd better talk directly to my manager.
I'll talk to John this afternoon.
I can't talk about it just now.
Bruce Springsteen has agreed to talk exclusively to our reporter about his life.
I loved to hear him talk about the old days.
She talked quite freely about her work.
He had talked vaguely of going to work abroad.
He talked excitedly of his plans.
This situation can't go on. We need to talk.
The two sides in the dispute are finally willing to talk.
Talk with your doctor before radically changing your diet.
Is there anything you'd like to talk about?
We want to talk to people about this issue.
to talk politics
We talked on the phone for over an hour.
Have you discussed the problem with anyone? 
I’ve spoken to the manager about it.
We only communicate by email.
Dolphins use sound to communicate with each other.
Politicians will be debating the bill later this week.
You shouldn’t have done it without consulting me.
The baby is just starting to talk.
Alex can't talk yet—he's only just one year old.
We couldn't understand them because they were talking in Chinese.
Are they talking Swedish or Danish?
She talks a lot of sense.
You're talking rubbish!
See if you can talk some sense into him .
Is this one of those birds that can talk?
Jerrod's only one year old and he's already starting to talk.
The suspect was questioned for two hours, but refused to talk.
I think we need to talk.
If you have a problem at school, sit down and talk about it with your parents.
If you're having trouble at school, let's sit down and talk about it.
This evening Professor Welch will be talking about Shakespeare's historical plays.
They talked about their favourite pop stars.
Please don't all talk at the same time.
Violence is avoided and talked down whenever possible.
In high school, we often got in trouble for talking in class.
Today they talk of doing so but they have yet to act.
two friends talking on the phone
Danny was talking to a girl he'd just met at the bar.
Powell talked to a group of industry leaders in Atlanta on Tuesday.
He walked along talking to himself.
Gerry wants to talk to his girlfriend before he makes a decision.
It's as if I was talking to somebody.
Usually the people who want to talk to you are the people who have contributed to you.
It's been nice talking to you.
I left Mario talking with my mother.
If you need more money you should talk with Richard.
It's important to talk with your kids about drugs, alcohol, and sex.
