She teaches at our local school.
He taught for several years before becoming a writer.
I'll be teaching history and sociology next term.
He teaches English to advanced students.
He teaches them English.
My wife teaches undergraduate students.
Schools should teach children about healthy eating.
John teaches French at the local school.
She taught me how to change a tyre.
I am not qualified to teach this subject.
Training courses designed to teach managerial techniques.
The languages that are commonly taught in schools today.
Teaching children about the world around them.
Neil teaches at the Guildhall School of Music in London.
 He taught geography at the local secondary school.
 We were never taught anything about other religions.
 I’m teaching English to Italian students.
 My father taught me to swim.
 different methods of teaching children how to read
 Can you teach me one of your card tricks?
 When I was young, we were taught to treat older people with respect.
 No one ever taught him the difference between right and wrong.
 He taught me that the easy option isn’t always the best one.
 Experience has taught me to avoid certain areas of the city.
 It’s certainly taught me that work and money aren’t the most important things in life.
 Could you teach me to do that?
I'm trying to teach my daughter to behave.
My father taught me how to ride a bike.
The accident taught me a lesson I'll never forget.
She taught me to be less critical of other people.
My parents taught me that honesty was always the best policy.
The book teaches that we shouldn't be afraid of change.
Our experience as refugees taught us many valuable lessons.
It took us several hours to teach all the dance moves to the girls.
My brief was to teach art and history of art to all age groups.
Léonie kept her hands outside the covers as she had been taught by the nuns at her primary school.
She teaches English to Italian students.
The teaching facilities for our Drama Department needed reconfiguring and redecorating.
She got a job teaching German at a local school.
Joe's mother taught him that he could do anything, if only he tried hard enough.
During his teens, his father was building a law practice in Brooklyn and teaching law part-time.
Teaching literature to the fifth grade is no joke!
Grandpa taught me a new card trick.
My mother taught me how to cook.
I've always wanted to learn to ski - could you teach me?
Public schools should not teach metaphysics without clearly identifying them as such.
My Dad taught school in New York.
I prefer teaching the older children.
Miss Himes teaches the youngest class, the four and five- year-olds.
Parents need to teach their children the difference between right and wrong.
Nobody has to sleep; you're taught to sleep when you're a kid.
When I was young, children were taught to treat older people with respect.
You must remember Mr Hughes - he used to teach us history.
Who taught you to drive?