Do you really think he'll win?
I thought I heard a scream.
I didn't think people were allowed to park here.
Am I right in thinking that you used to live here?
I think this is their house, but I'm not sure.
He ought to resign, I think.
That's my opinion, but you might think otherwise.
We'll need about 20 chairs, I should think.
I can't help thinking things could have been different. 
It was once thought that the sun travelled around the earth.
Well, I like it. What do you think?
What did you think about the idea?
What did you think of the film?
I think it highly unlikely that I'll get the job.
She thought him kind and generous.
It was better than I thought possible. 
I thought it a good idea to go with him. 
He's thought to be one of the richest men in Europe.
I think of this place as my home.
She is thought of as a possible director.
Well, I like it. What do you think?
I was under the impression that the work had already been completed.
I would say it’s OK in the city, but not in the country. What do you think?
My feeling is that we could improve our performance. Do you agree with that?
What would you say if we waited another month?
What about you? Do you cycle?
Which place do you think is more dangerous?
The traffic’s going faster there, isn't it?/don't you think?
Would you say that traffic's going faster there?
So this would be a better option, right?
I think it's likely that these people know each other.
I imagine she's his wife.
I guess that the car has broken down.
I think this has probably happened before.
It looks to me as though the woman is very angry.
Photography is, according to Vidal, the art form of untalented people.
For Vidal, photography is the art form of untalented people.
His view is that photography is not art but merely the mechanical reproduction of images.
Smith takes the view that photography is both an art and a science.
In Brown’s view, photography should be treated as a legitimate art in its own right.
James is of the opinion that a good painter can always be a good photographer if they so decide.
Emerson believed that a photograph should only reflect what the human eye can see.
In my opinion, everyone should have some understanding of science.
Everyone should, in my opinion, have some understanding of science.
It seems to me that many people in this country have a poor understanding of science.
This is, in my view, the result of a failure of the scientific community to get its message across.
In this writer’s opinion, the more the public know about science, the less they will fear and distrust it.
Why are you wanting a new phone when your current one works perfectly well?
What shall we do tonight? I’m thinking bowling.
I’m loving the weather today! 
I didn't think you liked sports.
Did you honestly think I would agree to that?
I personally think it's all been a lot of fuss over nothing.
I'm inclined to think we've been a little harsh on her.
I still don't know what he really thinks about it.
The job took longer than we thought.
You'd think she'd have been grateful for my help.
I never thought you would carry out your threat.
Who would have thought to find you here?
I think that you’re being unfair.
 I thought I heard something.
 He didn’t think anyone would believe him.
 Do you think I should call him?
 For some reason, I keep thinking it’s Friday today.
 The recession lasted longer than anyone thought it would.
 Am I right in thinking that you have a brother?
 I can’t help thinking that he’s made a mistake.
 Do you honestly think I would do something so stupid?
 What do you think of your new school?
 I thought it best to call first.
 I thought it appropriate to invite her to speak at the meeting.
 We must start thinking in terms of reducing costs.
 Fraud is thought to be costing software companies millions of dollars a year.
 Peter had always thought of Kate as someone to be avoided.
 I want you to think of this as your home.
 I’ve always thought of myself as a sensible person.
 My parents never thought me capable of doing a degree.