Hundreds were thrown out of work.
The future of the project has been thrown into doubt.
Everything was thrown into chaos.
We were thrown into confusion by the news.
The problem was suddenly thrown into sharp focus.
He threw the question back at me.
Wallis further throws doubt on Gusfield's claim that he had in fact identified a status group.
The market people passed comments on his wife and, he said, threw doubt on his ability to better her.
In the sickroom or with Diniz, Nicholas never threw doubt on the arrival of Katelina's dream fleet.
Elections are invaluable, however, for providing the people with a peaceful way of throwing politicians out of office.
Stock market crashes and recessions end up tossing businesses into bankruptcy court and throwing people out of work.
Well, O. K. But throw him out of office in a rank-and-file election?
Hundreds of men were thrown out of work when the mine closed down.
 Elections were held, and the government was thrown out of office.
 Diem threw them all into jail.
Gabriel had broken his apprentice's bond and no one had hanged him or flogged him or thrown him into prison.
She had heard the cops on Plenty didn't even bother throwing you in jail.
They throw a baby into prison.
What is more, if people resort to blackmail and other threats, why not throw them into jail?
She was going to hit him, even if they threw her in jail again.
Her father threw her into prison for her treachery to him.
Leyland fired one off the bar, and the police threw him in jail overnight.
Everyone was thrown into confusion by this news.
 The transport industry has been thrown into chaos by the strike.
 But a Cup replay would throw those plans into disarray.
He briefly dissolved Congress to fight two guerrilla insurgencies that had thrown the country into chaos.
However, the death of Vial shortly afterwards threw everything into confusion.
Instead, it was going directly across their path, which threw them into confusion.
It was their starting-point that was often illogical or arbitrary and threw the listener into confusion.
Now the ruling, which could open the way for new prosecutions, has thrown the issue into chaos.
Since the middle of the 1870s a world monetary depression had thrown trade into confusion.
The bristling schiltrons threw their opponents into confusion on such unfamiliar, unstable ground.