I go to bed early if I'm travelling the next day.
to travel around the world
I love travelling by train.
We always travel first class.
I travel abroad a lot. 
They travelled on the bus to and from work together. 
We travelled to California for the wedding.
They enjoy travelling to other European countries.
My client travels extensively on business. 
When I finished college I went travelling for six months.
As a journalist, she has travelled the world. 
He travelled the length of the Nile in a canoe.
I travel 40 miles to work every day.
They travelled huge distances in search of food.
 Many residents must travel long distances to a grocery store.
He travels back and forth across the Atlantic.
He travels with a huge entourage.
I prefer travelling independently to going on a package holiday.
She travels widely in her job.
The dissidents were unable to hold meetings or travel freely.
The job gives her the opportunity to travel abroad.
We decided to travel by car.
We had to travel separately as we couldn't get seats on the same flight.
We plan to travel through Thailand and into Cambodia.
business people who travel regularly to the US
information for the backpacker who wants to travel farther afield
Children under five travel free.
I spent a year travelling around Africa.
More people travel by air than ever before.
We travelled the length and breadth of the country.
We've travelled a long way in the past few days.
Hundreds of hospital patients may have to travel long distances for treatment.
to travel at 50 miles an hour
Messages travel along the spine from the nerve endings to the brain.
News travels fast these days.
He never travelled far from the home he shared with his mother.
The wide streets allow cars to travel at high speeds. 
In the film, he travels back in time to the '50s.
Is it possible for anything to travel faster than the speed of light?
They seem to be travelling north.
The truck was travelling at 90 mph when it veered off the road.
Someday I’d like to travel abroad.
 We’re planning to travel across America this summer.
 He has travelled extensively in China.
 We travelled by train across Eastern Europe.
  The train was travelling at 100 mph.
 They travelled 200 miles on the first day.