The wheels of the car began to turn.
I can't get the screw to turn.
The blades of the helicopter were turning slowly.
I turned the knob and pushed the door open. 
He turned the key in the lock.
She turned the wheel sharply to the left.
We turned and headed for home.
She turned to look at me.
He turned back to his work.
I turned away and looked out of the window.
He turned his back to the wall.
I turned my face to the sky.
She turned her head away.
I only turned my back for a second.
Lee turned to face her.
While his back was turned I sneaked a look at his notes.
She turned the chair on its side to repair it.
Turn the sweater inside out before you wash it.
He turned into a narrow street.
We turned down a dark alleyway.
Turn left at the traffic lights.
The man turned the corner and disappeared.
I turned the car into the car park.
The pilot attempted to turn the aircraft towards a wooded area.
The road turns to the left after the church.
After a while the path turns sharply right. 
The river turns north at this point.
He sat turning the pages idly.
Turn to page 23.
She turned down the blankets and climbed into bed.
He turned up the collar of his coat and hurried out into the rain.
Police turned water cannon on the rioters.
He turned the gun on himself.
She looked at him then turned her attention back to me.
His thoughts turned to his dead wife.
Don't turn your anger on the children.
Many supporters are now turning their criticism on the manager.
He tried to forget the events of past few days and turned his thoughts to practical tasks.
She turned down the blankets and climbed into bed.
He turned up the collar of his coat and hurried out into the rain.
The wheels turned slowly, then picked up speed.
 For some reason, the key wouldn’t turn.
She gently turned the handle of the bedroom door.
 Further on, the river turns east.
 The road turns sharply at the top of the hill.
 She cycled up the street and turned into Long Road.
 Turning the car around, we headed home.
 Ricky turned and walked away.
 She turned her head in surprise.
 Dan turned away, hiding the fear in his eyes.
 He turned around to look at Kim.
 Brigitte glared at him, turned on her heel, and stomped out of the room.
 You may turn over your exam papers now.
 The firemen turned their hoses on the blaze.
 Could you turn your chairs to face this way?
 He turned down the corner of the sheet to peep at the baby.