Doctors still don't understand much about the disease.
No one is answering the phone—I can't understand it.
I fully understand the reason for your decision.
She understands the importance of good design.
I could never understand why she was fired.
It is easy to understand how he made this mistake.
They’re too young to understand what is happening.
I just can't understand him taking the money.
He was the first to understand that we live in a knowledge economy.
The national housing market is better understood as a collection of small, local housing markets.
I don’t understand the instructions.
Doctors still don’t understand much about the disease.
Her behaviour wounded him in a way he did not really understand.
They won't necessarily understand the pros and cons of the matter.
The effects of these chemicals on the body are still poorly understood.
These beliefs are best understood as a form of escapism.
a woman struggling to understand an incomprehensible situation
I can't understand what all the fuss is about.
We came to understand why certain things happened in certain ways.
It is understood that the band are working on their next album.
 I don’t really understand the political situation in Egypt.
 You don’t need to understand how computers work to be able to use them.
 How the drug works isn’t fully understood.
 I understand that this treatment may not work.
 Part of understanding how this boundary layer looks involves under-standing what it is made of.
Their owner says she's sickened, and can't understand why anybody would do such a thing.
But I didn't understand why he took the penalty.
Then I understood why he was shattered.
At this time I was at a loss to understand how it managed to hover for so long in the same place.
In order to understand how this happens we need to understand two ideas that are central to cognition theory.
 They said they understood how busy I was.
This allows everyone-not just leaders-to understand what direction they need to take.
Even a passing reference is sufficient, if readers will understand what is meant.
Once the horse understands what is required of him, he should enjoy his work and improve day by day.
When Grandma understood what the man said about wanting to search me, she told me to empty my pockets.
At least it would give them some idea, at least they would now understand how things were.
Paul does not understand how this can be good.
I didn't understand what was taking place within me.
 My parents just don’t understand me.
 Just tell him how you feel – I’m sure he’ll understand.
 I understand how you feel, but I think you’re overreacting.
 I can understand her wanting to live alone and be independent.
He doesn't understand women at all.
We understand each other, even if we don’t always agree.
They understand what I have been through.
I understand how hard things have been for you.
I quite understand that you need some time alone.
If you want to leave early, I'm sure he'll understand.
I quite understand you needing some time alone.
I quite understand your needing some time alone.
These categories help us to better understand our readers.
She realized that she had never properly understood him.
