My parents are coming to visit me next week.
It looks like a lovely place to visit.
She went to visit relatives in Wales.
The Prime Minister is visiting Japan at the moment.
You should visit your dentist at least twice a year.
This is an area rarely visited by Europeans.
I first visited New York in 1991.
He is planning to visit China later this month.
The best time to visit is during the winter dry season.
A million people are expected to visit the museum over the next 12 months.
We've just been to visit my grandparents.
Be sure to visit us next time you're in London.
I visited her in hospital.
Jason invited us to visit his ranch.
Next time you visit the States you'll have to come and see us.
She's gone to visit her mother in Texas.
The President will be visiting six European capitals.
The shops are a major reason for visiting the city.
The president recently visited Athens.
She regularly visits the cemetery to tend the grave of her son.
We don't live here. We're just visiting.
Ships visit the island occasionally.
The lake is also visited by seals in the summer.
Government inspectors are visiting schools in the area.
Council officers will be visiting premises to inspect safety arrangements.
Over the same four-week period, Dole spent 21 days on the campaign trail visiting 20 states.
We won't be that far away - you'll be able to come and visit.
Mom and Aunt Jo were sitting drinking coffee and visiting.
He was the first traveller from the British Isles to visit Abyssinia.
They may wish to visit during the building stages.
So are you just visiting friends out here or something?
We've got some friends visiting from out of town this weekend.
This afternoon the Queen will visit Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital.
Paul visited her every day when she was in hospital.
I went to visit her last winter and I really had a great time.
She sent me some photographs of when she visited in December.
I visit my grandparents at least once a month.
A police officer will be visiting next week to give the children a talk on crime prevention.
For more information on how you can help, visit our website.
We spent the day visiting temples and other historic buildings.
Anyone caught visiting the Bookman during these was automatically punished.
While Eva was at Usher, General Coutts visited the country.
You should visit the dentist twice a year.
The inspection team visited the plant twice in October.
Clubs are still invited to continue to visit the warehouse by the usual arranged bus trips.
Tam himself plans to visit Washington, he said.
I don't see him that often, but I like to go and visit with him when I can.
How much do you visit with your Mom and Dad while you're here?
Eric went to Seattle to visit his cousins.
 I was really pleased that they came to visit me.
 Which cities did you visit in Spain?
 A recent trip to London gave me the opportunity to visit the Science Museum.
 She doesn’t visit very often.
  The building inspector is visiting the new housing project.
 The president’s first trip abroad will be to visit with troops in Bosnia.