She rang the bell and waited.
The President agreed to speak to the waiting journalists.
They waited patiently while I got ready.
I waited and waited, but the bus didn't come.
Have you been waiting long?
I’ve been waiting twenty minutes.
I'll wait outside until the meeting's over.
I had to wait in line at the bank.
Wait for me!
He had to wait for a bus.
I'm still waiting for the results of my blood test.
He smiled, waiting for an answer to his question.
We're waiting for the rain to stop before we go out.
We're waiting to go.
We'll have to wait until it stops raining.
You'll just have to wait your turn.
You won't have to wait long—the next train is in five minutes.
It was an anxious wait, but finally she found out that she'd passed.
He has lost a lot of weight.
Weight the tablecloth down so that it doesn't move or blow away.
He sat waiting to board the plane.
We're waiting to hear back from them.
We had several months of waiting for something to happen.
I'm so sorry I kept you waiting.
You'll have to wait a few minutes - I'm not ready yet.
The airline industry has adopted a wait-and-see attitude to the report's proposals.
I've done as much as I can - now all I can do is wait and see what happens.
After the first date he said he would phone her: she waited by the telephone until after midnight.
She waited for him to reply.
She believed in the ship, and was waiting for it.
The morning star has withdrawn behind the curtain of light to wait for its chance to shine again tomorrow.
People were jammed behind a metal fence, waiting for passengers coming in from abroad to emerge from Customs.
I'll stay here and wait for Suzie.
He waited for the applause to die down before he continued speaking.
We spent almost an hour just waiting for the bus.
Wait here until I get back.
They were calling off their comrades who waited in ambush further ahead.
Substantial supplies had to wait on the mining of reefs first.
I am waiting to try it out on some one.
Are you waiting to use the phone?
Here is a soldier who was waiting, with a heavy heart, to suffer and die in battle.
Hurry up! Everyone’s waiting.
 Would you mind waiting outside?
 There was a queue of people waiting for a bus.
 She paused, waiting for Myles to say something.
 I sat waiting patiently for the wedding to end.
 I’ll wait till you come back.
 Can you wait for five minutes?
 We’ve been waiting ages.
 Are you waiting to use the phone?
 I’m sorry to have kept you waiting.