The baby is just learning to walk.
He may not be able to walk again.
He walked slowly away from her.
The door opened and Jo walked in.
She missed the bus and had to walk home.
He turned and walked away.
He started to walk away from me, but quickly returned.
People walking past were staring at him.
You don't mind walking back, do you?
It looks like a nice place to walk around.
He walks over to the window and looks out.
I just happened to be walking by.
We walked along in silence for a while.
I ignored him and walked on.
I always walk to school.
Taking a deep breath, she walked into the room.
He immediately got up and walked out of the room.
I walked in the door and looked around.
He walked out the door, got in his car, and drove off.
He greeted her as she walked through the door.
I was walking down the street when I suddenly felt ill.
The school is within easy walking distance of the train station.
They walked the dark streets of Los Angeles.
Children here walk several miles to school.
She walked the short distance to her flat.
Due to his illness, he can no longer walk unaided.
He walked home from school.
I got up and walked calmly out into the early evening.
Jake was walking some way ahead.
She had no sandals and walked barefoot.
She walked cautiously up the drive towards the door.
The couple walked hand in hand along the beach.
When she walked onstage, the audience started screaming.
humans' ability to walk upright
A couple were walking hand in hand along the path.
He walked straight past me when I called.
How long does it take them to walk to school?
I had to walk all the way home.
The hotel is within easy walking distance of the beach.
They walked barefoot through the cool grass.
Try walking up the stairs instead of taking the elevator.
Women have to walk several miles each day to get water.
I like an active holiday, so I walk.
She's started to go walking.
We're going walking in the mountains this summer.
I walked across Scotland with a friend.
They love walking the moors.
For our holiday we went walking in the Lake District.
Have you ever walked the Pennine Way?
We went walking by the waterfront.
He always walked her home.
I walked him to the corner of the street.
They walk their dogs every day.
She walked the horse around the ring.
It’s too far to walk—I’ll take you by car.
He always walked her home.
Have you walked the dog yet today?
He walked the pony up and down the yard.
She walks the dog every day at about two o'clock.
 Doctors said he’d never walk again.
 Carrie walked into the room and sat down in her chair.
 He loved walking in the hills.
 We must have walked ten miles today.
 I walked all the way to San Rafael.
 There are plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance of the hotel.