She wandered aimlessly around the streets.
We wandered back towards the car.
The child was found wandering the streets alone.
Don't go wandering all over the house!
He just wandered in one day and asked for a job.
He wandered into a bar and ordered a drink.
One day she wandered further afield.
Simply wandering is a pleasure in itself.
The cattle are allowed to wander freely.
They found him wandering around aimlessly.
Visitors are free to wander through the gardens and woods.
Cattle and sheep wander freely on the hilltops.
During the day I would wander the streets, asking passers-by for a few cents.
He was found wandering in the road late one night.
She had spent her life wandering from place to place.
They spent a couple of hours wandering through the markets.
I’ll wander around the mall for half an hour.
 She wandered aimlessly about the house.
 Ana wandered off to get a drink.
 He was found wandering the streets of New York.
 Don’t let any of the kids wander off.
 The child wandered off and got lost.
How could you let him wander off like that?
They had wandered from the path into the woods.
 After her own parents died and she was left destitute, Elizabeth had found her wandering the streets.
 I don't want you wandering the streets.
 Often they ended up wandering the streets.
He ought to go back to school, but he couldn't really wander along in the middle of lessons.
Sometimes I am in the log cabin, looking at it; other times I am wandering through it.
The sand turned silver-grey, and the Sandrat wandered across it.
 We wandered along the river bank, looking for a place to cross.
He wandered an area of refrigerated warehouses with old dual-gauge tracks intersecting on the cobbled streets.
For an hour and a half we wandered around the old city, totally lost.
I'd wander down the high street, frittering away on whatever took my fancy.
But the gates were open, and she wandered in, seeking shade.
She wandered into the kitchen, pleased with her work, relieved too that Luke didn't seem to be about.
She may have wandered off and become lost.