I tried to warn him, but he wouldn't listen.
If you're thinking of getting a dog, be warned—they take a lot of time and money.
Security experts warned about the problems months ago.
He warned us against pickpockets.
Officials warned the pilot of an anonymous threat.
He has been warned of the danger he is in.
Police have warned of possible delays.
He is warning youngsters about the dangers of fireworks.
Aid agencies have repeatedly warned that a humanitarian catastrophe is imminent.
She was warned that if she did it again she would lose her job.
I had been warned what to expect.
I thought I should warn him about the risks involved.
Having been duly warned that I would get nowhere with my application, I went right ahead and applied anyway.
I did try to warn you.
I must warn you that some of these animals are extremely dangerous.
I thought I should warn her about it.
No one had warned us about the unbearable heat.
She claimed doctors had failed to warn her of the risks involved.
The report warns of the dangers of obesity.
They warned us of the risks involved.
You will get better—but be warned, it may be a long process.
The commander had been warned of the attack.
The guidebook warns against walking alone at night.
He hit the other child, despite being warned about the consequences of such behaviour.
He warned Billy to keep away from his daughter.
‘I’m warning you!’ said James, losing his patience.
They were warned not to climb the mountain in such bad weather.
We were warned against drinking the local water.
We were specifically warned against buying the house.
The chancellor bluntly warned the Cabinet to axe public spending or face higher taxes.
My mother constantly warned me not to go into teaching.
Tourists are warned against going to remoter regions.
But they should at least be warned, and wary.
Police are warning drivers not to go out on the roads unless their journey is really necessary.
We tried to warn her, but she refused to listen.
He would be the one Rostov had warned him to be wary of.
Something warned Lucy that she must stop him.
I was going for a swim, until the people in the hotel warned me about the jellyfish.
When I married my first Guenever you warned me that the marriage might be unwholesome for me.
Weather forecasters warned of possible flooding in coastal regions.
Dark clouds warned of the approaching storm.
A senior official in the State Statistical Bureau warned that demand had to be controlled to avoid runaway inflation.
Cooley warns that one should go slowly and not slip at the last rung of the ladder.
The local people were warned that the volcano might erupt at any time.
The bleached bones of cattle warn the traveler how hot it can be in Death Valley.
We were warned there were going to be delays on the motorway, so we came back by a different route.
The consequences could be serious - I just wanted to warn you.
Just warn your friend Martin to be extra careful, because everything he does is under close scrutiny.