Stop wasting time and just get on with it!
Why waste money on clothes you don't need?
We got straight down to business without wasting time on small talk.
She wasted no time in rejecting the offer.
You're wasting your time trying to explain it to him.
She wore a wide sash around her waist.
You can't afford to waste time by waiting.
Doing such a mundane job is a waste of your talent.
Waste products from the process can be made into fertilizer.
Don't waste your money on a hotel room.
He didn't want to waste valuable time in idle gossip.
Hurry up—there's no time to waste!
I'm not going to waste any more time on the problem.
Their father hated to waste energy.
The health authority wasted millions of pounds on a computer system that never worked.
It was a wasted opportunity.
His talents are wasted in that job.
He felt that he had wasted his life.
You're wasted as a sales manager—you should have been an actor.
Don't waste your sympathy on him—he got what he deserved.
Expensive wine is wasted on me.
Her comments were not wasted on Chris.
In the end her efforts were not entirely wasted.
I wasted 40 minutes waiting for a bus this morning.
You actually hope the time and money spent on insurance will be wasted.
Bill wastes all his money on beer and cigarettes.
The school kitchen wastes an awful lot of food.
Let's not waste any more time on this.
By fencing money into line items, in other words, we waste billions of dollars every year.
I felt enough time had been wasted, but time didn't seem to mean anything to Brando.
Don't leave the light on - you're wasting electricity.
Sometimes she feels she's wasted her life.
Back in the United States, Alvin wasted no time in proposing ways of doing that on future modern dance tours.
She wasted no time in writing to me and commanding me to return home at once.
One of the men threatened to waste the bank teller if he didn't get the money.
Stop wasting time. We have to finish this by five o'clock.
I must have wasted two whole hours trying to fix this machine.
The guests with a morning to waste until the ceremony at two o'clock got under everyone's feet.
Letting the water run while you brush your teeth wastes water.