I was in the living room, watching TV.
A large crowd watched the game on Saturday. 
to watch a film/movie/video/show
The film is well made and fun to watch—just don't expect a classic.
He sat on the ground and watched me with great interest.
He watched the house for signs of activity.
He watched for signs of activity in the house.
‘Would you like to play?’ ‘No thanks—I'll just watch.’
She stood and watched as the taxi drove off.
We watched to see what would happen next.
Watch what I do, then you try.
She watched the kids playing in the yard.
They watched the bus disappear into the distance.
If you look carefully you can just see our house from here.
She looked at me and smiled.
to watch television
Watch what I do, then you try.
In the evening we went to see a movie.
People came from all over the world to view her work.
The patients were observed over a period of several months.
He couldn't get in touch with her, so he would just have to watch and wait.
He tucked into his meal as I watched enviously.
He let me watch while he assembled the model.
He watched with great interest how she coaxed the animals inside.
I could see Robby watching curiously.
I spent hours patiently watching the eagles.
My father religiously watched the show every Friday night.
She stood and watched them walk off down the road.
We watched helplessly as the tide washed our towels away.
She watched in astonishment as he smashed the machine to pieces.
She watched the man closely to see where he would go.
The injured player was made to watch as his team was defeated 4-0.
They could only watch in silence as their possessions were taken away.
They stopped to watch the procession go by.
They watched from an upstairs window.
We watched for any sign of change in the weather.
the most widely watched national news bulletins in the country
A capacity crowd watched the semi-final.
I only let my kids watch television at the weekends.
This initiative is being closely watched by government regulators.
Do you mind if I watch?
 We sat and watched the sunset.
 He watched helplessly as Paula fell into the icy water.
 Watch carefully. You may learn something.
 Harriet watched him with interest.
 I watched him go, then went home.
 Ruth could not bear to watch her parents arguing.
 I watched to see how he’d react.
 The debate was watched by 97 million viewers.
 Most parents don’t know what their kids are watching on TV.
 It’s useful to watch how other pilots handle the glider.
 Ed likes to go to the park and watch the pigeons.
They watched the runners go past.
My head twisted around to watch her as I walked.