In 2016 Britain voted to withdraw from the EU.
He was forced to withdraw from the competition because of injury.
The horse had been withdrawn from the race.
He eventually withdrew in favour of Blair, thought to be the more popular candidate.
The US formally withdrew from the anti-ballistic missile treaty.
Workers have threatened to withdraw their labour.
He withdrew his support for our campaign.
Unless you return the form within seven days, the offer will be withdrawn.
The drug was withdrawn from sale after a number of people suffered serious side effects.
She formally withdrew her resignation.
They threatened to withdraw their support from the government.
The newspaper withdrew the allegations the next day.
Last night he unconditionally withdrew his comments.
 A knee injury forced her to withdraw from the competition.
 calls for Britain to withdraw from the European Union
 Parents have the right to withdraw their children from religious education lessons if they wish.
 One of the minority parties had withdrawn its support for Chancellor Kohl.
 Union members will vote on whether to withdraw their labour.
After much persuasion he agreed to withdraw his resignation.
 He refused to withdraw his remarks and was expelled from the Party.
 The newspaper has agreed to withdraw its allegations.
 The drug has been withdrawn from the market for further tests.
  City officials want to withdraw from the Metropolitan Transit Authority.
 A knee injury forced Joyner to withdraw from the tournament.
He has been asked to withdraw remarks he made in a national newspaper about the honesty of the president.
Mary said that she was very sorry and that she withdrew the accusation unreservedly.
The ambassador frowned and withdrew the cigar from his mouth.
Newsagents across the country have withdrawn the magazine after numerous complaints from women's groups.
After two children had been hurt, the company was forced to withdraw the toy from store shelves.
The developers withdrew their request to build on the land.
Bower was leading in the polls, but he withdrew when the scandal hit the press.
 Clare had to withdraw from the race after injuring her knee.
She withdrew her allegations of sex discrimination at work.
The publishers withdrew all 10,000 copies of the book from sale.