I can't work if I'm cold.
The kids always work hard at school.
The whole team is currently working on the project.
He is working on a new novel.
She's outside, working on the car.
I've been working at my assignment all day.
Work with a partner to solve the problem.
We work closely with clients to develop specific solutions.
Doctors often work very long hours.
He works shifts at a metal plant.
An architect must work within the confines of the laws of physics.
Employees are motivated to work harder for a variety of different reasons.
I've spent three hours working at this problem.
I work more efficiently on my own.
We worked steadily away all morning.
I got to work with leading architects.
We will continue to work with suppliers and listen to customers.
I have to work unsociable hours at times.
I am willing to work hard to accomplish this.
The police are actively working with different groups in the community.
She is working on an important murder case.
They are working in close partnership with the local council.
She met other artists who worked in similar ways to her.
The department works on issues of special concern to women.
They don't want to work seven days a week.
Both my parents work.
She works for an engineering company.
My father wants me to work for him when I leave school.
I've always worked in education.
He worked in the oil industry for twenty years.
Do you enjoy working with children?
My son is working as a teacher.
the people you work with
people who have worked closely together over a period of time
A lot of mothers choose to work part-time.
He's working as a builder at the moment.
He was found to be working illegally and was deported.
I work primarily with young children.
She works for an oil company.
He works directly with customers.
I prefer to work as part of a team.
I needed a job which would enable me to work at home.
They have lived and worked in the area all their life.
Many of them had the opportunity to work or study abroad.
The school is a great place to work.
She works with young people. 
She is working in the field of historic preservation.
It is great to work in an environment that encourages creativity.
She is still working at the age of 80.
He works from home two days a week.
 Many young people in the area have never worked.
 The injury means he’ll probably never work again.
 He works for a law firm.
 I work at the university.
 She works as a consultant for a design company.
 The studies were undertaken by people working in education.
 I work part-time in a library.
 Sally isn’t working tomorrow.
 Staff will have to get used to a new way of working.
 One of the women I work with is getting married this weekend.
 Each site has a fully trained team who work under a site manager.
 I get paid more if I work nights.
 We’re sometimes expected to work twelve-hour days.
 Are you working late again tonight?
 Forty police officers are working round the clock to find Murray’s killer.
 Nowadays, many people are able to work from home.
 I’ve been working in the garden all afternoon.
 I’m going to have to work really hard to pass these exams.
 We’re working together to develop a new system.