Which opera did Verdi write first?
He hopes to write a book about his experiences one day.
She had to write a report on the project.
The text is very well written.
The play was originally written for British television.
I wanted to travel and then write about it.
No decision has been made at the time of writing.
She wrote him several poems.
Doris writes with verve and wit.
He has been commissioned to write a history of the town.
She has written extensively on the subject.
He set out to write a short book on taxation.
He writes on political issues.
Her novel was written under the pseudonym Currer Bell.
She was inspired to write the poem by a visit to the cathedral.
The role was written specifically for Rita Hayworth.
A journalist who writes about problems in the developing world.
An art critic who writes regularly in a French daily.
history written from the perspective of the losers
Someone had written a slogan on the wall.
Students will be expected to write their own computer programs.
She wrote a list on the back of an old envelope.
He wrote in his journal.
the ability to write clearly in plain English
The film was written and directed by Tim Robbins.
He has written a very positive review of the film.
She wrote an article for the respected journal Science.
The children wrote stories about their pets.
She was asked to write a short piece of music for the orchestra.
 Students were required to write two research papers.
He wrote scripts for stage, screen and radio.
I have written a few blog posts in the last couple of months.
This is his only novel written for children.
Bye! Don't forget to write.
I'm writing to enquire about language courses.
She wrote to him in France.
I wrote a letter to the Publicity Department.
I wrote the Publicity Department a letter.
She wrote that they were all fine.
Write me while you're away.
He wrote me that he would be arriving Monday.
They wrote thanking us for the present.
He wrote to the editor of the newspaper.
He still writes to me regularly.
She wrote me a postcard from Spain.
The author writes that this theory has now been disproved.
Ancient historians wrote of a lost continent beneath the ocean.
She wrote of her life in Africa.
The doctor wrote her a prescription for more antibiotics.
I'll write you out a receipt.
Mozart wrote the music.
 The song was originally written by Leonard Cohen.
 He writes software programs for financial institutions.
 The doctor wrote me a prescription for sleeping pills.
 Sean decided he wanted to write, and quit his job.
 He wrote some very famous books.
 I can’t come with you – I have an essay to write.
 O'Brien often writes about her native Ireland.
 The article is very well written.
 Chris hasn’t written me for a long time.
 I’ve written to my MP, and to the city council.
  Have the children write about what they did last summer.
Your assignment is to write about your summer vacation.
It's a fascinating article, and very well written.