He asked me to marry him and I accepted.
Please accept our sincere apologies.
It was pouring with rain so I accepted his offer of a lift.
I am unfortunately unable to accept your kind invitation.
The board of directors accepted our proposal.
She's decided not to accept the job.
Please accept this small token of my appreciation.
He is charged with accepting bribes from a firm of suppliers.
She said she'd accept $15 for it.
I accepted the gift from my sister.
She graciously accepted my apology.
She accepted a bribe from an undercover policeman.
They accepted the court's decision.
The judge refused to accept his evidence.
He accepted all the changes we proposed.
Are you willing to accept the challenge?
She won't accept advice from anyone.
My article has been accepted for publication.
He agreed to let me go early.
They accepted the court’s decision.
The committee unanimously approved the plan.
She just goes along with everything he suggests.
She finally consented to answer our questions.
I had no choice but to accept the committee's decision.
I was very unwilling to accept her resignation.
He would not accept my advice.
These figures should not be accepted at face value.
This machine only accepts coins.
Credit cards are widely accepted.
He accepts full responsibility for what happened.
You have to accept the consequences of your actions.
The company cannot accept liability for any damage caused by natural disasters.
The college cannot accept responsibility for items lost or stolen on its premises.
You just have to accept the fact that we're never going to be rich.
to be willing/prepared to accept something
Nothing will change as long as the workers continue to accept these appalling conditions.
They accept the risks as part of the job.
He just refused to accept that his father was no longer there.
Some people readily accept that they may have to pay for medical treatment.
He would not accept the fact that his father was dead.
It may take years to be completely accepted by the local community.
She had never been accepted into what was essentially a man's world.
He never really accepted her as his own child.
I don't accept his version of events.
Can we accept his account as the true version?
I accept that this will not be popular.
I am not prepared to accept that this decision is final.
It is generally accepted that people are motivated by success. 
Their workforce is widely accepted to have the best conditions in Europe.
It was true, but hard to accept.
Most people had come to accept that war was inevitable.
The government now accepts the need for change.
The college he applied to has accepted him.
She was disappointed not to be accepted into the club.
The landlord was willing to accept us as tenants.
She was accepted to study music.
