It was a stupid thing to do, I admit.
‘I'm very nervous,’ she admitted reluctantly.
Don't be afraid to admit to your mistakes.
She admits to being strict with her children.
He admitted all his mistakes.
She stubbornly refuses to admit the truth.
Why don't you just admit defeat (= recognize that you cannot do something) and let someone else try?
I hate to admit it, but I think he is right.
Admit it! You were terrified!
I'm almost ashamed to admit it, but I watch this show.
They freely admit (that) they still have a lot to learn.
You must admit that it all sounds very strange.
She readily admits mistakes were made.
I couldn't admit to my parents that I was finding the course difficult.
It was generally admitted that the government had acted too quickly.
The appointment is now generally admitted to have been a mistake.
He admitted to feeling a bit tired.
He freely admitted that he had taken bribes.
He had caused her more pain than she cared to admit.
He was honest enough to admit his mistake in the end.
I must admit that the results were disappointing.
I was scared and I don't mind admitting it.
In the end he'd done a good job, Carol admitted grudgingly.
She dared not admit her fear.
She would be the first to admit that she is very difficult to work with.
Some admit privately that unemployment could continue to rise.
He refused to admit to the other charges.
She admitted to having stolen the car.
She admitted theft.
He refused to admit his guilt.
The hospital has admitted liability for the accident.
She admitted having driven the car without insurance.
It was a stupid thing to do, I admit.
She refuses to acknowledge the need for reform.
They recognized the need to take the problem seriously.
He was forced to concede (that) there might be difficulties.
She was reluctant to confess her ignorance.
He confessed to the murder.
Each ticket admits one adult.
You will not be admitted to the theatre after the performance has started.
The narrow windows admit little light into the room.
The society admits all US citizens over 21.
Women were only admitted into the club last year.
Two crash victims were admitted to the local hospital.
Judge Neilson refused to admit the evidence because it had been illegally obtained.
