I would strongly advise against going out on your own.
They advised me against visiting the troubled south of the country.
The Foreign Office is advising Britons against all non-essential travel to the region.
They advised against the use of military force.
Her mother was away and couldn't advise her.
I'd advise extreme caution.
‘Get there early,’ she advised (them).
Police are advising people to stay at home.
Doctors advised the patient to have surgery.
I'd advise you not to tell him.
Solicitors advised their clients to contact their local councillors.
They advise that a passport be carried with you at all times.
They advise that a passport should be carried with you at all times.
It is strongly advised that you take out insurance.
I'd advise buying your tickets well in advance if you want to travel in August.
We’d recommend you to book your flight early.
a recommended price of $50 
I’d advise you not to tell him.
The group does not advocate the use of violence.
The situation is dangerous and the UN is urging caution.
We would always advise caution in the use of this drug.
I strongly advise you not to do this.
John would be ill advised to rely on their support.
You would be better advised to consult an accountant.
We employ an expert to advise on new technology.
The nurse will advise about getting out of bed, bathing, and diet.
She advises the government on environmental issues.
They can advise customers about safely using and storing pesticides.
The pharmacist will advise which medicines are safe to take.
Your lawyer can advise you whether to take any action.
We will be happy to advise on any financial matters.
We were badly advised by our lawyer.
We can advise parents about education.
Please advise us of any change of address.
to advise somebody of their rights/the situation
You will be advised of the outcome of your application.
Please keep me advised of new developments in this case.
I will contact you later to advise you when to come.
I regret to advise you that the course is now full.
