His parents won't allow him to stay out late.
He allowed his mind to wander.
The law allowed companies to dismiss workers without any reason.
He is not allowed to stay out late.
Students are only allowed to use the equipment under supervision.
This research must be allowed to continue.
He refused to allow himself to be kept quiet.
She won't allow herself to be dictated to.
Eating is not allowed in the classrooms.
He received the maximum sentence allowed by law.
We do not allow eating in the classrooms.
We aren't allowed out after 10 p.m.
The film made me laugh aloud.
You are not allowed to ride bicycles on a motorway.
They shouldn't be allowed to get away with it.
This kind of activity is not legally allowed under the current rules.
You're allowed an hour to complete the test.
I'm not allowed visitors.
I allow myself a treat now and then. 
I sometimes allow myself the luxury of a cigar.
No dogs allowed (= you cannot bring them in).
The prisoners are allowed out of their cells for two hours a day.
They weren't allowed into the country.
He was knocking at the door waiting to be allowed in.
You won't be allowed up (= out of bed) for several days.
The crowd parted to allow her through.
Motor vehicles are not allowed in the park.
We aren't allowed out after 10 p.m.
A ramp allows easy access for wheelchairs.
The system allows people the opportunity to browse a wide selection of books.
The new technology allows users to choose exactly what they watch and when.
This diagram illustrates the process of paper-making./This diagram shows how paper is made.
First/First of all, logs are delivered to a paper mill, where the bark is removed and the wood is cut into small chips.
Next/Second, the wood chips are pulped, either using chemicals or in a pulping machine.
Pulping breaks down the internal structure of the wood and enables/allows the natural oils to be removed.
Once/After the wood has been pulped, the pulp is bleached in order to remove impurities. /…is bleached so that impurities can be removed.
The next stage is to feed the pulp into the paper machine, where it is mixed with water and then poured onto a wire conveyor belt.
As the pulp travels along the conveyor belt, the water drains away. This causes the solid material to sink to the bottom, forming a layer of paper.
At this point the new paper is still wet, so it is passed between large heated rollers, which press out the remaining water and simultaneously dry the paper/…dry the paper at the same time.
The final stage is to wind the paper onto large rolls./Finally, the paper is wound onto large rolls.
The pressure cooker is designed to allow faster cooking at lower temperatures.
The increased space allows powerful search features to be incorporated.
The new community centre will allow people to meet up more and enjoy themselves.
Wear clothing that allows easy movement.
How much time would you allow for the trip?
You need to allow three metres of fabric for the dress.
The judge allowed my claim.
(= in a court of law) ‘Objection!’ ‘I'll allow it.’
He refuses to allow that such a situation could arise.
She was very helpful when my mother was ill—I'll allow you that.
‘Allow me,’ he said, taking the tray from her.
The designer was given free rein.
The script allows full rein to her larger-than-life acting style.
When I paint I just give my imagination free rein.
