How old are you—if you don’t mind me/my asking?
He asked about her family.
Can I ask a question?
Did you ask the price?
You do what I tell you to, no questions asked.
There are three important questions to ask.
frequently asked questions
‘Where are you going?’ she asked.
‘Are you sure?’ he asked her.
She asked the students their names.
I often get asked that!
I had to ask myself some very difficult questions.
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
 Why does everyone keep asking me that?
The interviewer asked me about my future plans.
When specifically asked about the report, she indicated she had not read it.
He asked where I lived.
I had to ask the teacher what to do next.
I was asked if/whether I could drive.
‘Where are you going?’ she asked.
She asked the students their names.
Can I ask a question?
I called the station to enquire about train times.
‘And where have you been?’ he demanded angrily.
I wondered how old she was but I didn't dare ask.
‘Do you still want to go out tonight?’ she asked hopefully.
‘How do you feel?’ she asked softly.
‘Oh, Sue went too, did she?’ I asked innocently.
‘Will he be all right?’ Sabrina asked anxiously.
I wanted to ask him a question.
May I ask what you mean by that?
Voters can legitimately ask whose interests are being served by the new legislation.
She longed to ask Mary if she knew what was wrong.
‘And what did he do then?’ ‘Don’t ask!’
‘What will the meeting be about?’ ‘Don’t ask me.’
The job is yours for the asking.
He told me I had to work late on Friday night. I ask you!
Their marriage was a mistake, if you ask me.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the police.
Parents with young children are asked to attend this meeting.
They were politely asked to leave the shop. 
Eric asked me to marry him.
All the students were asked to complete a questionnaire.
I asked whether they could change my ticket.
She asked me if I would give her English lessons.
She asked that she be kept informed of developments.
She asked that she should be kept informed.
If you ask her nicely, she'll give you a hand.
Could you possibly help me?
I wonder if you could give me a hand?
Would you mind opening the door for me?
I wonder if you'd mind taking a picture of us?
Could I ask you to keep an eye on my luggage for a moment?
Yes, of course.
I'm sorry, I'm in a hurry.
Sure.
Don't be afraid to ask for help.
I am writing to ask for some information about courses.
to ask for a job/a drink/an explanation
Did your friend ask for permission to use the image?
Why don't you ask his advice?
Why don't you ask him for his advice?
Can I ask a favour of you?
Can I ask you a favour?
Could I have a glass of water, please?
Do you have any decaffeinated coffee?
I'd like tea with sugar, please.
I'll have the pasta with salad, please.
Certainly.
I'm sorry, we don't have any left.
Yes, of course. Here you are/​go.
I'm not asking for money.
I went up to the counter and asked for a lemonade.
If you want anything, just ask.
Why don't you ask your teacher for some of her thoughts on the matter?
I immediately asked to speak to a supervisor.
I asked to see the manager.
Did you ask to use the car?
I'll ask if it's all right to park here.
She asked her boss whether she could have the day off.
They've asked me to dinner.
Thank you so much for asking me.
I didn't ask them in (= to come into the house).
We must ask the neighbours round (= to our house).
She's asked him to come to the party.
Would you like to come for a meal on Saturday?
There's a presentation of our new product at the conference on Tuesday. Would you be interested in coming along?
I'm going to the game on Saturday—how about joining me?
We're going to Boston—do you want to come with us?
That would be very nice, thank you.
I'd love to, thanks very much.
I'm sorry. I've already got something on at the weekend.
I'm sorry. I already have plans on Saturday.
Thank you, I'll check my diary and let you know.
Thank you, I'll check my calendar and let you know.
He's asking £2 000 for the car.
How much were they asking for their house?
I know I'm asking a great deal.
You're asking too much of him.
I know it's asking a lot to expect them to win again.
She demanded an immediate explanation.
All candidates will be required to take a short test.
I expect to be paid promptly for the work.
I didn’t want to go but he insisted.
We insist on the highest standards at all times.
You’re asking too much of him.
‘You shouldn’t have said that to her.’ ‘Well, she asked for it!’
He was asking for trouble when he insulted their country.
