The pain was almost more than he could bear.
She bore it all with her usual patience.
She couldn't bear the thought of losing him.
I can't bear having cats in the house.
He can't bear being laughed at.
He can't bear to be laughed at.
I can hardly bear to think about it.
How can you bear to eat that stuff?
I can't bear you doing that.
Staff reported finding polar bear tracks in the snow.
How can you bear this awful noise?
I can’t stand his brother.
She couldn’t stand being kept waiting.
He despised himself for being so cowardly.
I can’t bear having cats in the house.
They loathe each other.
They absolutely detest each other.
I just can't bear it any more!
Don't leave me alone. I wouldn't be able to bear it.
How can you bear this awful noise?
She couldn't bear seeing him so upset.
We could hardly bear to be outdoors in the blinding sunlight.
She was not able to bear children.
She had borne him six sons.
These trees take a long time to bear fruit.
When you get to the fork in the road, bear right.
Taxation bears heavily on us all.
The burden of the tax bore most heavily on the poor.
You don't have to do anything about it now… just bear it in mind.
Here are some important points to keep in mind…
I'll keep what you say in mind.
Try to keep safety in the forefront of your mind at all times.
Schools will bear the brunt of cuts in government spending.
The crowd of mourners at his funeral bore witness to the great affection in which he was held.
The ancient temples bear silent witness to the passing dynasties.
It was gradually borne in on us that defeat was inevitable.
She bore the responsibility for most of the changes.
Do parents have to bear the whole cost of tuition fees?
In the end it's consumers who bear the burden of higher prices.
You shouldn't have to bear the blame for other people's mistakes.
You must bear at least some responsibility for what has happened.
We must bring all our energies to bear upon the task.
Pressure was brought to bear on us to finish the work on time.
There's nothing we can do about it. We'll just have to grin and bear it.
We all have our crosses to bear.
The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
The document bore her signature.
He was badly wounded in the war and still bears the scars.
She bears little resemblance to (= is not much like) her mother.
The title of the essay bore little relation to (= was not much connected with) the contents.
Her later work does not bear comparison with her earlier novels (= because it is not nearly as good).
The plan won't bear close inspection (= it will be found to be unacceptable when carefully examined).
The joke doesn't bear repeating (= because it is not funny or may offend people).
His sufferings don't bear thinking about (= because they are so terrible).
He bears no resentment towards them.
He's borne a grudge against me ever since that day.
He's borne me a grudge ever since that day.
She bore him no ill will.
a family that bore an ancient and honoured name
three kings bearing gifts
Guests starting arriving, mostly bearing gifts.
He returned bearing a basket of vegetables.
Her two sons helped bear the coffin.
His parents had borne the child across the mountains.
He bears himself (= stands, walks, etc.) proudly, like a soldier.
She bore herself with dignity throughout the funeral.
