He beat me at chess.
She was narrowly beaten by the German in the final.
I beat her by just three points.
Their recent wins have proved they're still the ones to beat (= the most difficult team to beat).
He was beaten into second place by the American.
He was narrowly beaten by his opponent.
Watson was a higher-rated player who consistently beat her.
Her entry really did beat the others hands down.
She won the 100 metres, beating a number of top Europeans.
They were soundly beaten in the finals by a much stronger Dutch side.
The gold is beaten out into thin strips.
beaten silver
The metal had been beaten flat.
a well-beaten track (= one that has been worn hard by much use)
The hunters beat a path through the undergrowth.
Stop beating about the bush and tell me what you want.
I’ve been beating my brains out all weekend to get this script written.
The player beat the clock and set a new record.
Get out or I’ll beat the living daylights out of you!
She’s really banging the drum for the new system.
Nothing beats home cooking.
You can't beat Italian shoes.
For a break in the sun, Thailand is hard to beat.
They want to beat the speed record (= go faster than anyone before).
This is his latest attempt to beat the world record.
He was a dirty player and loved to kick hell out of the opposition.
This is private land, so beat it!
Top theatrical agents are beating a path to the teenager's door.
I decided to beat a hasty retreat.
She beat time with her fingers.
The government's main aim is to beat inflation.
Book a break in the sun to try to beat those winter blues.
He is struggling to beat his addiction.
The new law is a way of trying to beat terrorism.
They live miles off the beaten track.
That score is going to take some beating.
For sheer luxury, this hotel takes some beating.
It is a problem that beats even the experts.
It beats me (= I don't know) why he did it.
What beats me (= what I don't understand) is how it was done so quickly.
‘Where's she gone?’ ‘Beats me.’
If we go early we should beat the traffic.
We were up and off early to beat the heat.
At that time children were regularly beaten for quite minor offences (= as a punishment).
A man was found beaten to death.
The prisoners were beaten into submission (= they were beaten until they did what was wanted).
They beat him unconscious (= hit him until he became unconscious).
The men took him out into the street and beat him senseless. 
Somebody was beating at the door.
Hailstones beat against the window.
Someone was beating a drum.
I was beating dust out of the rugs (= removing dust from the rugs by beating them).
Someone was beating at the door.
A young man was found beaten to death last night.
At that time, children were often beaten for quite minor offences (= as a punishment).
He had been badly battered around the head and face.
Severe winds have been battering the coast.
Heavy rain pounded on the roof.
The rain lashed at the window.
He hammered the door with his fists.
They could hear the rain beating on the roof.
He was beating the carpet with a large brush.
His stepfather repeatedly beat his mother.
He had been beaten around the head with a rock.
She was beaten with a metal bar.
They used to get beaten with a wooden spoon.
She's alive—her heart is still beating.
His heart started beating faster.
We heard the drums beating.
The bird was beating its wings (= moving them up and down) frantically.
Her heart began to beat a little faster.
I could feel my heart beating wildly.
I could detect a pulse beating very faintly.
Its wings beat feebly against the window.
The bird was frantically beating its wings.
Beat the eggs up to a frothy consistency.
Beat the mixture well, until it is light and creamy.
Add three eggs, lightly beaten.
Beat the flour and milk together.
