Shall I begin?
Let's begin at page 9.
I'd like to begin with a simple question.
She began by thanking us all for coming.
We began work on the project in May.
I began (= started reading) this novel last month and I still haven't finished it.
He always begins his lessons with a warm-up exercise.
I began piano lessons at the age of six.
She began her speech by praising her opponent. 
He began his political career as a student (= when he was a student).
I began to feel dizzy.
Leaves are just beginning to appear.
We have already begun to address the problem.
I was beginning to think you'd never come.
Everyone began talking at once.
We began working on the project in May.
This study has the following aims: first, to investigate how international students in the UK use humour; second, to examine how jokes can help to establish social relationships; and third, to explore the role that humour plays in helping overseas students adjust to life in the UK.
Let us begin by identifying some of the popular joke genres in the UK.
Next, let us turn to/Next, let us consider the question of gender differences in the use of humour.
Finally/Lastly, let us briefly examine the role of humour in defining a nation’s culture.
When does the class start?
When does the concert begin?
The discussion started off mildly enough.
Tom will kick off with a few comments.
The festival kicks off on Monday, September 13.
The meeting is scheduled to commence at noon.
The story opens with a murder.
We had to begin all over again.
He took a deep breath and slowly began.
We will begin with a brief discussion of the problems.
Let's begin by writing down a few ideas.
Begin your story at the beginning, and carry on to the end.
At last the guests began to arrive.
It was beginning to snow.
She began to cry.
When will you begin recruiting?
‘What was it you didn't like?’ ‘Well, to begin with, our room was far too small.’
When does the concert begin?
Work on the new bridge is due to begin in September.
The lecture begins at 8pm.
The evening began well.
What time does the concert start/​begin?
She started/​began working here three months ago.
The story begins on the island of Corfu.
We’ll need to start at 7.00.
Who do you think started the fire?
The car won’t start.
I didn’t start worrying/​to worry until she was 2 hours late.
It’s starting/​beginning to rain.
The entertainment was due to begin at 8.30.
Once it has finished, the DVD automatically begins again.
Their troubles are only beginning.
Research into the problem began immediately.
Where does Europe end and Asia begin?
Use ‘an’ before words beginning with a vowel.
‘I'm thinking of a country in Asia.’ ‘What does it begin with (= what is the first letter)?’
Each chapter begins with a quotation.
The path begins at Livingston village.
The story begins on the island of Corfu.
The school began in 1920, with only ten pupils.
He began a new magazine on post-war architecture.
He began as an actor, before starting to direct films.
What began as a minor scuffle turned into a full-scale riot.
‘Ladies and gentlemen,’ he began, ‘welcome to the Town Hall.’
I can't begin to thank you enough.
He didn't even begin to understand my problem.
I found it tiring to begin with but I soon got used to it.
We'll go slowly to begin with.
