You're not blowing hard enough!
The policeman asked me to blow into the breathalyser.
He drew on his cigarette and blew out a stream of smoke.
The safe had been blown by the thieves.
One mistake could blow your cover (= make your real name, job, intentions, etc. known).
We’re going to blow his operation wide open.
He inherited over a million dollars and blew it all on drink and gambling.
She blew her chances by arriving late for the interview.
You had your chance and you blew it.
Blow it! We've missed the bus.
Well, blow me down! I never thought I'd see you again.
I'm blowed if I'm going to (= I certainly will not) let him treat you like that.
Let's take a taxi and blow (= never mind) the expense.
Let's blow this joint.
He put a gun to his head and threatened to blow his brains out.
While cleaning his shotgun he had accidentally blown his own brains out.
A brisk walk should blow the cobwebs away.
The birds were singing and a warm wind was blowing.
A cold wind blew from the east.
It was blowing hard.
It was blowing a gale (= there was a strong wind).
The wind blew the door shut.
Both candidates wore blue jeans.
They chose an intense blue for the walls.
Wait till you hear this. It'll blow your mind.
a collection of photographs that will blow your mind
I went for a long walk to let off steam.
I like blowing off steam and I like saying things that shock people.
I like my old phone, but this new model blows it out of the water.
Sod that for a lark! I'm not doing any more tonight.
My hat blew off.
The door blew open.
I was almost blown over by the wind.
She blew the dust off the book.
The ship was blown onto the rocks.
The bomb blast blew two passers-by across the street.
The wind blew the door shut.
The plane was blown to pieces when the bomb exploded.
The truck was blown to kingdom come.
Her article lifts the lid on bullying in the workplace.
Eventually, puffing and blowing, he arrived at the gate.
the sound of trumpets blowing
The referee blew his whistle.
She grabbed a tissue and loudly blew her nose.
to blow smoke rings
to blow bubbles (= for example, by blowing onto a thin layer of water mixed with soap)
to blow glass (= to send a current of air into melted glass to shape it)
The car spun out of control when a tyre blew.
The truck blew a tyre and lurched off the road.
