All the windows broke with the force of the blast.
The bag broke under the weight of the bottles inside it.
She dropped the plate and it broke into pieces.
The boat hit a rock and broke in half.
to break a cup/window
She fell off a ladder and broke her arm.
to break a leg/bone
He broke the chocolate in two.
The parking brake comes on by itself.
There wasn't even time for the driver to brake.
Break the biscuits into small pieces.
They left the office for a tea break.
The balloon hit a tree and burst.
The ice started to crack.
Crumble the cheese into a bowl.
Now cut the wire in two.
He fell and fractured his hip.
The vase hit the floor and shattered.
Vandals had smashed two windows.
I snapped the pencil in half.
The bag had split open on the way home.
She tore the letter into pieces.
The glass broke into hundreds of pieces.
How did this dish get broken?
I didn't mean to break the window.
She broke the bar in two and gave a piece to me.
to break somebody’s morale/resistance/resolve/spirit
The government was determined to break the power of the trade unions.
The scandal broke him (= ruined his reputation and destroyed his confidence).
She broke under questioning (= was no longer able to bear it) and confessed to everything.
Williams broke her opponent's serve five times.
The death of his wife broke him completely.
On the third day the weather broke and they had a violent storm.
The clouds broke and the sun came out.
When his head broke the surface he took in deep gulps of air.
Dawn was breaking when they finally left.
There was a public outcry when the scandal broke.
breaking news (= news that is arriving about events that have just happened)
Who's going to break it to her?
I'm sorry to be the one to break the news to you.
Just break the news to her gently.
Her voice broke as she told us the dreadful news.
My watch has broken.
I think I've broken the washing machine.
She had broken the world 100 metres record.
The movie broke all box-office records.
the sound of waves breaking on the beach
The sea was breaking over the wrecked ship.
to break a code
Can you break a twenty-dollar bill?
The dog bit me but didn't break the skin.
I had broken the law and deserved to be punished.
People should not be allowed to break the rules.
to break a promise
to break an agreement/a contract/your word
to break an appointment (= not to come to it)
He was breaking the speed limit (= travelling faster than the law allows).
They insist that they have not broken any rules.
Would you be willing to break the law to achieve your goal?
She had broken the conditions of her bail.
She has already broken three appointments.
Some companies have broken sanctions by supplying arms to the warring states.
I've never broken my word; why should I do it now?
Perhaps it is more courageous to break a promise if it means saving the economy.
Let's break for lunch.
Parliament breaks for recess next week.
We broke early and went for a drink.
Their sleep was broken by noise from the street. 
We broke our journey in Oxford (= stopped in Oxford on the way to the place we were going to).
She broke the silence by coughing.
A tree broke his fall (= stopped him as he was falling).
The phone rang and broke my train of thought.
Someone laughed suddenly and the spell was broken.
an attempt to break the year-long siege
Management has not succeeded in breaking the strike.
He broke all ties with his parents.
He finally managed to break free from his attacker.
