A welcoming fire was burning in the fireplace.
Fires were burning all over the city.
A small candle burned brightly.
Fresh leaves will burn slowly with billows of smoke.
The fire was still burning fiercely.
The flame in the oil lamp burned steadily.
The car was burning down the road.
So you did it just to burn me?
The project burns £2 million a year in contractor costs.
The state has already burned through its cash reserves.
Think carefully before you resign—you don't want to burn your bridges.
He got his fingers badly burnt dabbling in the stock market.
By nightfall the whole city was burning.
The girl ran from the burning building.
Two children were rescued from the burning car.
They called us to tell us that my aunt's house was burning.
The smell of burning rubber filled the air.
By the time I got home, the cake was burnt to a cinder.
The tower was struck by lightning and was burned to a cinder.
I like my steak burnt to a cinder on the outside and blood red and juicy inside.
His career crashed and burned after he threatened a journalist.
The stock markets are getting ready to crash and burn.
She continued to crash and burn through personal controversies that included driving drunk.
‘I bumped into your ex-wife last night.’ ‘I thought I could feel my ears burning!’
Six million acres have burned this year in the United States.
The house burned to the ground.
Ten people burned to death in the hotel fire.
to burn waste paper/dead leaves
All his belongings were burnt in the fire.
The house was burnt to the ground (= completely destroyed).
The survivors burned the bodies of the victims of the plague.
Several protesters burned American flags.
The cigarette burned a hole in the carpet.
Joan of Arc was burned at the stake.
His greatest fear is of being burnt alive.
Many were left with no choice but to burn alive or leap to their deaths from the upper floors.
Several people were burned to death.
The building was burned to the ground.
Bishop Tunstall preached a sermon against the book, after which copies were ceremonially burnt.
She burned all his letters.
Which fuel burns most efficiently?
a furnace that burns gas/oil/coke
Some people burn calories (= use food to produce energy) faster than others.
I can smell something burning in the kitchen.
Sorry—I burnt the toast.
My skin burns easily (= in the sun).
fair skin that burns easily
I got badly burned by the sun yesterday.
I burnt my tongue trying to eat a hot meat pie.
The soup's hot. Don't burn your mouth.
His face had been horrifically burnt by acid.
I burned myself on the stove.
She burned all his letters.
The house burned down in 1995. 
The bodies had been charred beyond recognition.
I scorched my dress when I was ironing it.
He singed his hair as he tried to light his cigarette.
Your forehead's burning. Have you got a fever?
Her cheeks burned with embarrassment.
My feet hurt.
Ouch! That hurt!
I’m aching all over.
Our eyes were burning from the chemicals in the air.
My eyes were stinging from the smoke.
The cold air made her face tingle.
I itch all over.
Does the rash itch?
His head throbbed painfully.
Her skin seemed to burn at his touch.
Our eyes were burning from the chemicals in the air.
Lights were burning upstairs, but no one answered the door.
hot sunshine burning through the windows
Their torches burned brightly in the dark.
Her eyes burned fiercely.
to be burning with rage/ambition/love
He was burning to go climbing again.
He was burning with indignation.
She could sense the anger burning slowly inside him.
