They decided to call the baby Mark.
His name's Hiroshi but everyone calls him Hiro.
What's their son called?
I don't know anyone called Scott.
I've forgotten what the firm he works for is called.
What's it called again? Oh yes, a router.
to be commonly/often called something
This group of artists and poets is sometimes called the New York School. 
They called their first daughter after her grandmother.
The cheese is called after the town of the same name.
We call each other by our first names here.
The plant is called by different names in different parts of the country.
His friends affectionately call him ‘Bear’.
We usually call him by his nickname.
What do they call that new fabric?
He is writing a novel, tentatively called ‘My Future’.
The area was formerly called West Meadow.
The plant is variously called ‘cow parsley’ and ‘Queen Anne's lace’.
The prison is euphemistically called a ‘rehabilitation centre’.
The system is officially called the NPV System.
I'll call round and see you on my way home.
Let's call on John.
He was out when I called to see him.
We called but they were out.
She said she was very lonely and it was kind of them to call on her.
Could you call by later today?
I called round at the house to check how things were.
The cuckoo called across the trees to its mate.
It's a very open game that is very hard to call.
to be difficult/impossible to call
The result of this election is going to be too close to call.
Most media pundits called it for the Conservatives. 
to call heads/tails
She couldn't call to mind where she had seen him before.
The painting brings to mind some of Picasso's early works.
She was tempted to call his bluff, hardly able to believe he’d carry out his threat.
Chess is a game that calls into play all your powers of concentration.
His honesty has never been called into question.
I'll call again later.
I got a message to call home immediately.
I called the office to tell them I'd be late.
People called to ask how they could help.
My brother called me from Spain last night.
Call us toll-free on this number.
Call 0800 33344 for a free copy.
After forty years in politics I think it's time for me to call it a day (= to retire).
Stop calling me names!
I believe in calling a spade a spade.
The argument continued until the chairman called them both to order.
The president brought the meeting to order at 9.15 a.m. 
As the meeting was brought to order, the councillor immediately stood and began to protest.
Someone called the police.
to call an ambulance/a doctor
I'll call a taxi for you.
I'll call you a taxi.
Fire crews were called to the building at 9 p.m.
The doctor has been called to an urgent case.
I got called on the carpet for being late.
She's just gone out with old what-d'you-call-him.
I wouldn't call German an easy language.
Are you calling me a liar?
She now calls Southern California home (= she lives there).
He was in the front room, or the lounge or whatever you want to call it.
I make it ten pounds forty-three you owe me. Let's call it ten pounds.
They call themselves ‘The Gang’.
Would you call it blue or green?
You could hardly call the show perfect, but it was successful.
He seemed to regard the whole thing as a joke.
I wouldn’t call German an easy language.
You may find your illness hard to accept.
Who do you consider (to be) responsible for the accident?
Try to see things from her point of view.
How do you view your position within the company?
Call yourself a friend? So why won't you help me, then?
She's no right to call herself a feminist.
I thought I heard somebody calling.
She called out to her father for help.
Someone called to him to wait.
Did somebody call my name?
People in the audience called out requests.
‘See you later!’ she called.
He called for help, but no one could hear.
She called out in pain.
‘Don't forget what I said!’ she called after him.
He called out a warning from the kitchen.
I thought I heard someone calling.
She cried out for help.
I cried out his name.
‘It isn’t fair!’ he exclaimed angrily.
He blurted out the answer without thinking.
‘He’s a bully!’ the little boy burst out.
Will you call the kids in for lunch?
He heard me call him and came to the door.
Did you call?
Several candidates were called for a second interview.
The ambassador was called back to London by the prime minister.
He felt called to the priesthood (= had a strong feeling that he must become a priest).
You may be called to give evidence.
She was called to testify before a Senate subcommittee.
The defence says it plans to call four witnesses.
to call a meeting/strike
The prime minister has called an election for 8 June.
