He was carrying a large bag.
to carry a sign/banner/flag 
The plane was carrying 122 passengers and five crew.
She carried her baby in her arms.
The injured were carried away on stretchers.
a train carrying commuters to work
A train carrying hundreds of commuters was derailed this morning.
He carried her on his back for over five miles.
He was carrying a battered suitcase.
How are we going to get this home? It's too heavy to carry.
Several of the ships carrying troops to the area were torpedoed.
Some of the protesters were carrying placards.
The boat can carry up to five people.
The little girl was exhausted and wanted to be carried.
The truck was carrying illegal drugs worth up to $2 million.
Women here have to carry water two miles from the nearest well.
The fullback's kick carried 50 metres into the crowd.
The war was carried into enemy territory.
Her abilities carried her to the top of her profession.
The resolution was carried by 340 votes to 210.
His moving speech was enough to carry the audience.
She nodded in agreement, and he saw he had carried his point.
Cigarettes carry a health warning.
All the marketing carries a consistent message of quality and reliability.
We carry a range of educational software.
We do carry green tea, but we don't have any (in stock) right now.
She was carrying twins.
to carry yourself well
to carry a weapon/knife
Police in many countries carry guns.
I never carry much money on me.
I always carry my diary with me.
I don't like carrying a lot of money around.
He carries around an ancient old blanket.
I got carried away and started shouting at the television.
My co-worker was sick, so I had to carry the ball.
Despite strong opposition, the ruling party carried the day.
Teamwork and persistence can still win the day.
My views don't carry much weight with the boss.
a pipeline carrying oil
The veins carry blood to the heart.
Canals were built to carry water from the Snake River to Milner Dam in 1905.
Blood vessels carry blood to every part of the body.
The heated air is carried by flues to the walls.
The pipelines carry oil across Siberia.
Most of her day was spent fetching and carrying for her family.
She expected him to do all the fetching and carrying.
Ticks can carry a nasty disease which affects humans.
A road bridge has to carry a lot of traffic.
The roof is designed to carry huge loads of snow. 
He is carrying the department (= it is only working because of his efforts).
Their group was targeted to carry the burden of job losses.
She carries a full load of classes while also serving as department head.
Her speech carried the ring of authority.
Each bike carries a ten-year guarantee.
Crimes of violence carry heavy penalties.
The charge carries a maximum sentence of ten years.
Being a combat sport, karate carries with it the risk of injury.
