She managed to catch the keys as they fell.
I caught him when he fell.
The dog caught the stick in its mouth.
I threw the bag in the air and she caught it.
‘Throw me over that towel, will you?’ ‘OK. Catch!’
I caught her smoking in the bathroom.
You wouldn't catch me working (= I would never work) on a Sunday!
She caught herself wondering whether she had made a mistake.
He was caught with bomb-making equipment in his home.
Mark walked in and caught them at it (= in the act of doing something wrong).
thieves caught in the act
You've caught me at a bad time (= at a time when I am busy).
I caught him just as he was leaving the building.
I was hoping to catch you at home (= to see you at home when you were there).
The illness can be treated provided it's caught (= discovered) early enough.
to catch the post (= post letters before the box is emptied)
Bye for now! I'll catch you later (= speak to you again later).
You've caught me at a bad time.
Let's eat now and maybe we could catch a movie later.
Did you catch that show on the radio?
She looked for him but couldn’t see him in the crowd.
He could see (that) she had been crying.
I’ve just spotted a mistake on the front cover.
She caught sight of a car in the distance.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror.
He’d glimpsed her through the window as he passed.
His arrival caught me by surprise.
She got caught in a thunderstorm.
Her dress caught on a nail.
He caught his thumb in the door.
The stone caught him on the side of the head.
She caught him a blow on the chin.
The wooden rafters caught fire.
These logs are wet: they won't catch.
The knife gleamed as it caught the light.
A colourful glow appears as the light catches the glass.
The artist has caught her smile perfectly.
Cameras caught Jessica headed to a photo shoot downtown.
The roof was leaking and I had to use a bucket to catch the drips.
When they quarrel, I am often caught in the middle.
When he said he had resigned, I caught my breath in surprise.
The film caught a cold over the outstanding debt.
He caught hold of her arm as she tried to push past him.
He caught her up in his arms.
She caught the bar with both hands as she fell.
Can you catch the waiter's eye?
She looked through the hotel advertisements until one of them caught her fancy.
If your dad finds out you'll really catch it!
to catch a bus/train/flight
We caught the 12.15 from Oxford.
I must go—I have a train to catch.
After a while they left to catch their bus.
He was still hoping to catch the 8.30 ferry.
If you want to catch that bus, you'd better hurry!
Then she had to leave to catch her plane.
He was thinking of catching a plane home.
I was thrown off balance by the sudden gust of wind.
The sudden movement threw him off balance.
The senator was clearly caught off balance by the unexpected question.
Advances in drone technology have caught lawmakers on the back foot.
The side that’s on the back foot, struggling to defend, will usually give away more penalties.
We'd like to put the fossil fuel industry on the back foot.
The murderer was never caught.
Our cat is hopeless at catching mice.
How many fish did you catch?
The police say they are doing all they can to catch the culprits.
It is unusual to catch measles more than once.
I think I must have caught this cold from you.
A sign on the wall caught my attention.
Over the years, the mystery has caught the popular imagination.
There was one story in particular that caught her interest.
She caught sight of a car in the distance.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror.
I caught a look of surprise on her face.
He caught a whiff of her perfume.
Sorry, I didn't quite catch what you said.
