Rick hasn't changed. He looks exactly the same as he did at school.
We examined changing attitudes towards education.
The company failed to adapt to changing circumstances.
Things have changed dramatically since then.
Her life changed completely when she won the lottery.
My attitude to life has changed with age.
Attitudes to marriage are changing fast.
Her voice changed subtly.
Jane has changed a lot since she went to college.
Our way of life has changed dramatically over the last ten years.
The language is changing all the time.
The place had changed out of all recognition.
The town has actually changed very little in the last hundred years.
Where do I have to change?
Change at Reading (for London).
I stopped in Moscow only to change planes.
I went into the bedroom to change.
She changed into her swimsuit.
You need to change out of those wet things.
I didn't have time to change clothes before the party.
I didn't have time to get changed before the party (= to put different clothes on).
She can't even change a nappy.
The baby needs changing.
There are baby changing facilities in all our stores.
to change the sheets
Could you help me change the bed?
The house has changed hands several times.
Nothing will make me change my mind.
What made you change your mind?
I'm perfectly happy—I wouldn't change places with anyone.
Wait until it happens to him—he'll soon change his tune.
He was in trouble with the police as a teenager but now he’s completely changed his ways.
Your father is unlikely to change his ways now.
Fame hasn't really changed him.
That experience changed my life.
The internet has changed the way people work.
Information technology has changed the way people work.
It can be hard to get people to change their habits.
Technology has forever changed the way businesses operate.
This incident changed the whole course of events.
You didn’t really expect her to be on time, did you? A leopard can’t change its spots.
Wait for the traffic lights to change.
The lights changed from red to green.
The lights changed to green.
Caterpillars change into butterflies.
With a wave of her magic wand, she changed the frog into a handsome prince.
He managed to change the mood from tense to relaxed in minutes. 
Caracas changed from a small town into a busy city.
His anger changed to sadness.
Leaves change colour in autumn.
The wind has changed direction.
Our ship changed course.
The fruit changes colour as it ripens.
I want to change my doctor.
I didn't change my name when I got married.
That back tyre needs changing.
We change our car every two years.
The law was changed in 2001.
Don't change the subject!
We changed the car for a bigger one.
She changed her name to his.
At half-time the teams change ends.
We asked the waiter if we could change tables.
Can I change seats with you?
I need to change some euros.
to change dollars into yen
Can you change a £20 note?
The storekeeper changed my dollar bill for four quarters.
This shirt I bought's too small—I'll have to change it for a bigger one.
Of course we'll change it for a larger size, Madam.
If you bring the dress back with the receipt, you can change it.
