The fees charged by some companies are excessive.
What did they charge for the repairs?
The restaurant charges £40 for the set menu.
They are charging a reasonable price for the album.
We won't charge you for delivery.
He only charged me half price.
She charged me £300 for the car.
Calls are charged at 36p per minute.
Do you think museums should charge for admission?
The bank doesn't charge to stop a payment.
They charge you to change money into euros.
They’re charging £3 for the catalogue.
Calls will be charged at 90 cents a minute.
Companies are free to charge whatever they like for their services.
Stamp Duty will be charged at one per cent.
We don't charge for delivery.
Your broker will charge you a 6% commission on the transaction.
The people responsible will be charged for the damage.
Interest was not charged on student loans.
Two other taxes are also charged on fuel according to its price.
We will charge an hourly rate for the work.
The cinema charges a flat rate of a dollar a show.
They charge smaller customers a premium.
The bank charges a commission on all foreign currency transactions.
The room was charged with hatred.
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom!
They charge the calls to their credit-card account.
Don't worry. I'll charge it (= pay by credit card).
Research and development expenditure is charged against profits in the year it is incurred.
€50 will be charged to your account.
The cost is charged directly to the profit and loss account.
I need to charge my phone.
Before use, the battery must be charged.
Don't unplug my phone—it's charging.
Let the batteries charge fully before using.
The shaver can be charged up and used when travelling.
Several people were arrested but nobody was charged.
He was charged with murder.
They were charged with organizing an illegal demonstration.
A man has been charged in connection with the attack.
She has not yet been formally charged with the crime.
The teenagers were jointly charged with attempted murder.
She was charged under section three of the Computer Misuse Act.
Four of his assistants also charged in the case were fined and given jail terms of up to five years.
Companies are often charged with multiple offenses.
She was never charged with the crime.
Peters was charged with two counts of armed robbery.
to be charged with assault/​manslaughter/​rape
An unnamed San Francisco man has been arrested and charged with possession of stolen property.
They were charged with conspiracy to commit fraud.
Opposition MPs charged the minister with neglecting her duty.
Opponents charged that cutting costs would reduce safety.
The bull put its head down and charged.
We charged at the enemy.
I was worried that the animal might charge at us.
The rhino charged headlong towards us.
He ordered his troops to charge the enemy lines.
The children charged down the stairs.
He came charging into my room and demanded to know what was going on.
I heard the sound of feet charging down the stairs.
She charged into the room.
The children were all charging around outside.
He came charging into my office and demanded an explanation.
The children all charged down the stairs and out of the front door.
Three of the men charged towards Gallagher.
The committee has been charged with the development of sport in the region.
The governing body is charged with managing the school within its budget.
