He claims (that) he was not given a fair hearing.
I don't claim to be an expert.
She claimed to hate all art.
She's not the saint that many have claimed her to be.
After disappointing box office results, newspapers claimed the show to be a failure
Scientists are claiming a major breakthrough in the fight against cancer.
It was claimed that some doctors were working 80 hours a week.
‘I did not tell any lies,’ she claimed.
Some critics argue that Picasso remained a great master all his life.
Others maintain that there is a significant deterioration in quality in his post-war work.
Picasso himself claimed that good art is created, but great art is stolen.
As Smith has noted, Picasso borrowed imagery from African art.
As the author points out, Picasso borrowed imagery from African art.
The writer challenges the notion that Picasso’s sculpture was secondary to his painting.
It has been suggested that Picasso’s painting was influenced by jazz music.
He tried to claim that he had acted in self-defence.
The company had falsely claimed that its products were biodegradable.
He successfully claimed unfair dismissal.
Several collectors are claiming ownership of the paintings.
Some critics claimed that the play was too complicated. 
The report claims that house prices are still rising.
The book claims to represent all women.
Sources claim the company has now withdrawn from the deal.
He claims to have no interests or hobbies.
He claimed victory in the presidential elections before all the results were in.
Nobody has claimed responsibility for the bombing.
He's not entitled to claim housing benefit.
You might be entitled to claim compensation if you are injured at work.
You could have claimed the cost of the hotel room from your insurance.
She claimed damages from the company for the injury she had suffered.
You can claim on your insurance for that coat you left on the train.
People who want to claim unemployment benefits must accept any legal job offered to them.
She is entitled to claim a deduction for travel costs.
A lot of lost property is never claimed.
The family arrived in the UK in the 1990s and claimed political asylum.
He is claiming his right to his family's fortune.
A most unwelcome event claimed his attention.
She has finally claimed a place on the team.
The car crash claimed three lives.
