to collect data/evidence/information
We're collecting signatures for a petition.
The purpose of his trip was to collect material for a book.
Samples were collected from over 200 patients.
an analysis of 400 specimens collected from 12 localities
We've been collecting data from various sources.
I'm fine—I just need a minute to collect myself.
She paused to collect her thoughts before entering the interview room.
to collect stamps/postcards/coins
He started to collect art seriously soon after the turn of the century.
He began collecting antiquities in 1785.
In spite of their efforts a large pool of liquid continued to collect.
Dirt had collected in the corners of the room.
Water had collected on the flat roof.
We seem to have collected an enormous number of boxes (= without intending to).
It’s amazing how she collects friends.
We’ve been collecting data from various sources.
Dirt had collected in the corners of the room.
I waited while he gathered up his papers.
Detectives have spent months gathering evidence.
I seem to have accumulated a lot of books.
Debts began to accumulate.
He amassed a fortune from silver mining.
What day do they collect the rubbish/garbage?
The package is waiting to be collected.
On arrival, collect your keys from reception.
Someone will be at the airport to collect you.
She's gone to collect her son from school.
Your package is ready to be collected.
What time do you have to collect the children from school?
We were invited to London to collect our prize.
They usually collect the rubbish/​garbage on a Thursday.
I've been out collecting, knocking on peoples doors and asking them for money.
We're collecting for local charities.
Volunteers have been going door to door, collecting money.
We collected over £300 for the appeal.
to collect rent/debts/tax
She collected £25 000 in compensation.
to collect a prize/a medal
She collected $50 000 on her husband’s life insurance policies.
He went to the casino most nights, but usually failed to collect.
A crowd began to collect in front of the embassy.
Play your guitar that's gathering dust, or pull out the old tennis racket for a match.
You may already have an old laptop that is collecting dust but otherwise usable.
