He left and said he was never coming back.
He came into the room and shut the door.
She comes to work by bus.
My son is coming home soon.
Come here!
Come and see us soon!
Here comes Jo! (= Jo is coming)
There's a storm coming.
They're coming to stay for a week.
He came towards me.
I hope you can come to Australia to visit us.
It's looks as if there's a storm coming.
When is your son coming home?
At last winter came to an end.
He came to power in 2019.
We need to come to an agreement on this issue.
When will they come to a decision?
our understanding of how the universe came into existence
The trees are coming into leaf.
This dress comes in black and red.
The DVD comes with several bonus features.
New cars don't come cheap (= they are expensive).
This luxury villa comes complete with its own private swimming pool.
The handle came loose.
The buttons had come undone.
Everything will come right in the end.
This design came to be known as the Oriental style.
In time she came to love him.
She had come to see the problem in a new light.
I've come to expect this kind of behaviour from him.
Don't come the innocent with me.
‘She's an entomologist.’ ‘Come again?’ ‘An entomologist—she studies insects.’
They had a party next door—we heard people coming and going all night.
The pain in my leg comes and goes.
They continued until they came to a river.
She came to work wearing a very smart suit.
They came as far as the gate.
People came from all over the country.
Your breakfast is coming soon.
Have any letters come for me?
Help came at last.
What time did you come (= to my house)?
People came from all over the world to settle here.
Let me know if any more mail comes.
He came to England by ship.
If you come late, the doctor may not be able to see you.
Acting comes naturally to her.
How sad that all his hard work should come to nothing.
Her plans didn't come to anything.
I don't really trust him—nor his wife, come to that.
He promised to support her come what may.
‘I think you owe me some money.’ ‘How come?’
If she spent five years in Paris, how come her French is so bad?
They may well regret the decision in years to come.
This will be a problem for some time to come (= for a period of time in the future).
When it comes to getting things done, he's useless.
I see where you're coming from (= I understand what you mean).
I've come for my book.
I've come about my book.
I've come to get my book.
He came looking for me.
I've come for those books you promised me.
I've come to see Mrs Cooper.
I've only come for an hour.
Thanks for coming (= to my house, party, etc.).
Ten thousand people came to hear him speak. 
Are you coming later?
Are you coming to the club with us tonight?
Come with me—I've got something to show you.
Why don't you come skating tonight?
Please come to my party on September 10th.
Are you coming to the theatre with us this evening?
I'm sorry, I won't be able to come.
Despite all the publicity, not many people came.
If you can't come to the meeting, let us know in advance.
We've come 50 miles this morning.
The company has come a long way (= made lot of progress) in the last 5 years.
He's come all the way from Tokyo.
We've come a long way and we're very tired.
How far have you come?
A car came flying round the corner.
A huge wave came crashing over the sea wall.
Questions came rushing into her head.
Don't expect me to come running every time you call.
The children came running into the room.
A crowd of men on horses carrying spears came charging down the road.
The agreement came after several hours of negotiations.
The rains came too late to do any good.
Spring came late this year.
The time has come (= now is the moment) to act.
His first goal came in the 81st minute.
His resignation came as no surprise.
Her death came as a terrible shock to us.
More details of the event are coming soon.
Come summer, people like to eat outdoors.
Dusk came quickly.
I never thought the day would come when I'd feel sorry for him.
The deadline came and went, but there was no reply from them.
Business improved as Christmas came nearer.
At last, the time came to leave.
When the moment actually came, I began to feel a little nervous.
He wanted to be buried beside her when the time came.
The time had come to let a younger person lead the party.
The high point of the concert came during the drum solo.
Come November, the high-season horror of traffic jams subsides. 
How did he come to break his leg?
How do you come to be so late?
That comes a long way down my list of priorities.
She came second (= received the second highest score) in the exam.
His family comes first (= is the most important thing in his life).
