By the age of 21 he controlled the company.
The whole territory is now controlled by the army.
Can't you control your children?
a multinational company based in Britain but controlled from South Africa
We want to control our own destiny (= decide what happens to us).
attempts by corporations to control access to information
Each school is controlled by a Board of Governors.
Government forces have proved incapable of controlling the rebels.
It is a multi-national company based in Britain but controlled from South Africa.
Mounted police had been called to control the crowds.
The National Bank is directly controlled by the government.
The clubs were found guilty of failing to control their fans.
It is essential for businesses to control costs.
government attempts to control immigration
Local industries were tightly controlled.
Many biological processes are controlled by hormones.
Try to control your breathing.
They built a reservoir to control the flow of water.
Parents should control what their kids watch on television.
Conditions in the greenhouse are carefully controlled.
Expenditure within the company is tightly controlled.
The government has announced new measures to control immigration
This government has failed to control inflation.
Time out is an effective way of controlling aggressive behaviour.
In many countries the production of the drug is illegal or tightly controlled.
Firefighters are still trying to control the blaze.
to control a disease
She was given drugs to control the pain.
Most of the symptoms can be controlled with medication.
Symptoms can be controlled in most patients.
His diabetes can be controlled by diet.
He had an emergency operation in which surgeons attempted to control the bleeding.
This knob controls the volume.
The traffic lights are controlled by a central computer.
The entrance gates are electronically controlled.
lighting that you can control with your smartphone
The thermostat can be controlled via an app.
toys that can be controlled from your mobile device
The shutters can be electronically controlled.
You can easily control the speed of the fan.
I was so angry I couldn't control myself.
He was finding it difficult to control his feelings.
You can learn to control your emotions.
She was struggling to control her temper.
The clerk could scarcely control his excitement.
He was finding it hard to control his feelings.
I was so furious I couldn't control myself and I hit him.
