Cover the chicken loosely with foil.
She covered her face with her hands.
I covered my mouth to stifle a yawn.
He laughed to cover (= hide) his nervousness.
He hid the letter in a drawer.
She managed to hide her disappointment.
The paintings were concealed beneath a thick layer of plaster.
Tim could barely conceal his disappointment.
She covered her face with her hands.
He tried to disguise his accent.
She masked her anger with a smile.
The soldiers camouflaged themselves with leaves and twigs.
He covered the body with a cloth.
He tried to cover his embarrassment by starting to rub his hands together.
Her dress barely covered her chest.
Her hair partially covered her face.
She tried to cover her face with her hands.
She used dried leaves and twigs to cover up the hole.
He laughed to cover his embarrassment.
I have to go out for a minute—will you cover for me if anyone asks where I am?
Are you fully covered for fire and theft?
Does this policy cover my husband to drive?
This policy should cover you against accidental injury.
a policy that covers you for fire and theft
Many firms put money aside to cover themselves against possible legal claims.
Cover me while I move forward.
The artillery gave us covering fire (= shot to protect us).
The police covered the exits to the building.
Don't move—we've got you covered!
They've covered an old Rolling Stones number.
I am confident this contract covers all the bases.
Get everything in writing in order to cover your back.
She was dressed in loose comfortable clothes that hid a multitude of sins.
He had attempted to cover his tracks by wiping the hard disk on his computer.
Snow covered the ground.
Much of the country is covered by forest.
Its head, body, and tail are completely covered with brown fur. 
His chest was covered in bruises.
The wind blew in from the desert and covered everything with sand.
Soak the dried mushrooms by covering them in boiling water for a few minutes.
The steps were now completely covered with water.
The players were soon covered in mud.
The cars were all covered in snow.
The children were completely covered with mud.
The lectures covered a lot of ground (= a lot of material, subjects, etc.).
The survey covers all aspects of the business.
The articles cover a wide range of subjects.
Each podcast covers a different topic.
the sales team covering the northern part of the country (= selling to people in that area)
Do the rules cover (= do they apply to) a case like this?
Don't worry. I've got it covered (= I'm dealing with it).
The tax may be extended to cover books.
We've hardly covered a quarter of the course.
He manages the sales team covering the northern part of the country.
$100 should cover your expenses.
The show barely covered its costs.
Your parents will have to cover your tuition fees.
By sunset we had covered thirty miles.
They walked for a long time and covered a good deal of ground.
He covered the journey at top speed.
They covered long distances on foot.
We must have covered over 20 miles.
I covered a lot of ground rapidly and soon caught up with them.
The reserve covers an area of some 1 140 square kilometres.
She's covering the party's annual conference.
The BBC will cover all the major games of the tournament.
The media has consistently refused to cover the story.
I'm covering for Jane while she's on leave.
