I get my food delivered from the supermarket to save time.
Leaflets have been delivered to every household.
We promise to deliver within 48 hours.
We deliver to our stores seven days a week.
The company will deliver free of charge.
The letter was delivered to his office.
The package had been delivered by hand.
You can either collect the goods or have them delivered.
We expected great things of the England team, but on the day they simply failed to deliver the goods.
Let me deliver the good news first.
The video delivers a clear message about road safety.
Essentially, Web designers must deliver content simply and effectively.
Online training sessions are delivered directly to your desktop.
Our courses are delivered via the internet.
She will deliver a major speech on foreign policy tomorrow.
to deliver an address/a lecture/a sermon
The cast delivered the performances of a lifetime. 
The jury finally delivered its verdict.
She is due to deliver a lecture on genetic engineering.
He delivered his lines confidently.
The Court delivered its judgement earlier this month.
He has promised to finish the job by June and I am sure he will deliver.
She always delivers on her promises.
If you can't deliver improved sales figures, you're fired.
The team delivered a stunning victory last night.
Successive administrations have failed to deliver adequate funding for education.
the failure of successive governments to deliver economic growth
There have been major breakdowns in delivering services to elderly residents. 
They said they'll do it, but do you really think they will be able to deliver?
products that deliver on customer expectations
Our aim is deliver high quality services everywhere and at all times. 
These changes will deliver real benefits for our customers.
a company which consistently delivers value in its relationships with customers and consumers 
She delivered the kids on time at their father's house.
The taxi delivered us to our hotel.
They delivered their prisoner over to the invading army.
The baby was delivered by Caesarean section.
The baby was delivered safely on Tuesday night.
The number of women delivering their babies in hospital increased.
She was delivered of a healthy boy.
He delivered the blow (= hit somebody hard) with all his force.
Deliver us from evil.
