From birth to age 5, a child's brain develops rapidly.
Some children develop more slowly than others.
Gradually these settlements developed into cities.
Human beings developed from earlier species of animals.
The place has rapidly developed from a small fishing community into a thriving tourist resort.
The aim is to develop your personal skills.
She developed the company from nothing.
The competition helps entrants develop ideas into business concepts.
When Lewis developed the film, he was astonished by what he saw.
He's developed a real flair for management.
Their relationship has developed over a number of years.
He is trying hard to develop a loving relationship with his daughter.
Physicians need to develop a better understanding of this issue when providing care for older patients. 
The company develops and markets new software.
It takes time to develop new technology.
We are developing products for different parts of the industry.
to develop a strategy/system/programme
to develop a method/model/technique
A new type of painkilling drug has recently been developed.
She makes her own clothes.
She made a good impression on the interviewer.
He did a beautiful drawing of a house.
Who’s doing the food for the party?
Scientists disagree about how the universe was created.
to develop new software
a factory that produces microchips
to generate electricity
Brainstorming is a good way of generating ideas.
Rearrange the letters to form a new word.
The chain is formed from 136 links.
We are gradually developing better treatments for these conditions.
A coherent strategy for getting more people back to work needs to be developed.
The purpose of this project was to develop a systematic teaching method that would foster self-directed learning.
The aim is to develop a system which will cost under $10 000. 
She developed lung cancer at the age of sixty.
Her son developed asthma when he was two.
The car developed engine trouble and we had to stop.
If symptoms develop, seek help quickly.
Problems can develop unexpectedly.
A crisis was rapidly developing in the Gulf.
We need more time to see how things develop before we take action.
The conflict quickly developed into full-scale war.
The situation is developing into a crisis.
The site is being developed by a French company.
A lot of residents in town feel that it would be tragic if the land were developed for residential use.
They have not yet received any applications for planning permission to develop the site. 
The company is developing a chain of hotels.
He is enthusiastic about plans to develop the leisure facilities at the site.
For a country to develop, a good road network is essential.
Their economy was developing at an incredible pace.
She develops the theme more fully in her later books.
The piano then takes up the melody and develops it.
He began to develop these ideas in a series of paintings.
