He was asked to take command and direct operations.
A police officer was directing traffic.
How much should the teacher guide and direct the students?
A new manager has been appointed to direct the project.
The campaign was carefully directed from party central office.
The project managers direct the day-to-day operations of the project.
Does a business have the right to direct and control how workers do the tasks for which they are hired?
Hubert directs the activities of his laboratory assistants.
Not all classroom activities need to be directed by the teacher.
These attacks were planned and directed by criminal groups.
She prefers to act rather than direct.
He directed the school play.
The film was written and directed by Sofia Coppola.
She now directs a large choir.
He directs with flair and sensitivity.
She wrote a play and asked her friend to direct.
The movie is expertly directed and beautifully photographed.
Who directed the original theatre production?
He directed two episodes of TV drama ‘The Sopranos’.
He is a famed cellist and conductor who, for many years, directed the National Symphony Orchestra in Washington, D.C.
She directs the baroque orchestra at London's Royal Academy of Music.
He directed his attention to the next task.
All our efforts should be directed towards helping those who need it.
Her criticism was directed at her own superiors.
She directs her gaze straight at the viewer.
The book is directed at younger readers.
Most of his anger was directed against himself.
He directed the light straight in her face.
The machine directs a powerful beam at the affected part of the body.
His anger was mostly directed towards Peter.
Tax cuts have been directed primarily at the better-off.
The attacks were directed solely at military targets.
The machine directs light onto a special film.
This merely directs attention away from the real issues.
We should be directing our energies towards understanding each other.
violence directed specifically at ethnic minorities
criticism clearly directed at the Labour Party
The criticisms were clearly directed at the President.
I'm tired of the negativity directed against people on our own side.
Hackers mounted co-ordinated attacks against several websites.
It's not far—I'll direct you.
Could you direct me to the station?
He was directed to a table beside the window.
The app directs you along the best cycle route to your destination.
It’s too far to walk—I’ll take you by car.
Firefighters led the survivors to safety.
The president arrived, escorted by twelve bodyguards.
My mother drove us to the airport.
The attendant showed us to our seats.
He always walked her home.
Have you walked the dog yet today?
She guided us through the busy streets.
We were guided around the museums.
She ushered her guests to their seats.
A young woman directed them to the station.
You find yourself in a maze with no map or compass to direct you.
a detour that directs you through narrow, dimly lit streets
I found myself being directed into a dark room.
She directed us back to our starting point.
He's a seasoned traveller and he'll direct you anywhere you want to go.
The police officers had been directed to search the building.
The judge directed that the mother be given custody of the children.
The judge directed that the mother should be given custody of the children.
The company was ordered to pay compensation to its former employee.
‘Come here at once!’ she ordered.
He was told to sit down and wait.
Don’t tell me what to do!
The letter instructed him to report to headquarters immediately.
The judge directed the jury to return a verdict of not guilty.
He commanded his men to retreat.
The judge directed the jury to return a verdict of not guilty.
The law will come into force next year, as directed by the federal government.
You should be prepared to carry out all reasonable duties as directed by the principal.
Direct any complaints to the Customer Services department.
I directed my question to the chairman.
Inquiries should be directed to Mark Davis.
