You draw beautifully.
to draw a picture/map/diagram
She drew a house.
a crudely drawn child's face
He drew a circle in the sand with a stick.
The Queen's coach was drawn by six horses.
a horse-drawn carriage
The blinds were drawn.
It was getting dark so I switched on the light and drew the curtains.
She drew back the curtains and let the sunlight in.
She drew a revolver on me.
He came towards them with his sword drawn.
Spielberg refused to be drawn on his next movie.
We drew for partners.
He drew the winning ticket.
Names were drawn from a hat for the last few places.
Italy has been drawn against Spain in the first round.
Italy has been drawn to play Spain.
England and France drew.
England and France drew 3–3.
England drew with/against France.
England drew their game against France.
I drew out £200.
Can I draw $80 out of my account?
She went to the post office to draw her pension.
The cheque was drawn on his personal account.
to draw water from a well
The device draws gas along the pipe.
The ducts draw out stale air.
The company has been drawing gas and oil out of the rich ground for 62 years.
He drew thoughtfully on his pipe.
She breathed deeply, drawing in the fresh mountain air.
The report drew a grim picture of inefficiency and corruption.
She writes lively stories with sharply drawn characters.
One of the police officers drew a bead on the gunman and fired.
So far, the police investigation has drawn a blank.
She talks all the time and hardly stops to draw breath.
He spoke solidly for twenty minutes, barely pausing to draw breath.
He was as kind a man as ever drew breath.
Small businesses have had to pull their horns in during the recession.
I don't mind helping, but I draw the line at doing everything myself.
We would have liked to invite all our relatives, but you have to draw the line somewhere.
Where do you draw the line between genius and madness?
Is it possible to draw inferences about the environment during the Bronze Age?
What conclusions did you draw from the report?
We can draw some lessons for the future from this accident.
They drew lots for the right to go first.
I drew the short straw and had to clean the toilets.
We drew straws for who went first.
He drew himself up to his full height and glared at us.
It’s time to draw a line in the sand and stop allowing workplace bullying to continue.
to draw a comparison/a parallel/an analogy/a distinction between two events
He attempted to draw a contrast between himself and the prime minister.
The site's boundaries were tightly drawn by the Department of the Environment.
The plan has drawn a lot of criticism.
The announcement drew loud applause from the audience.
The proposal has drawn interest from local businessmen.
The reforms drew widespread support from voters.
Our aim is to draw attention to the plight of these children.
The exhibition drew great critical attention.
My eyes were drawn to the man in the corner.
Her gaze was drawn irresistibly to the scene outside.
The movie is drawing large audiences.
The events continue to draw huge crowds.
The course draws students from all over the country.
Her screams drew passers-by to the scene.
We asked the surfing champion what first drew him to the sport.
Animals are instinctively drawn to those who like them.
He was increasingly drawn to the idea of making short films.
The train drew into the station.
The train drew in.
The figures in the distance seemed to be drawing closer.
Their car drew alongside ours.
Her retirement is drawing near.
The meeting was drawing to a close.
As he drew near, I could see that he was limping.
as the boat drew towards the shore
He approached her but she drew away.
He drew the cork out of the bottle.
I drew my chair up closer to the fire.
She drew me onto the balcony.
I tried to draw him aside (= for example where I could talk to him privately).
She sat with her legs drawn up on the sofa.
The project enables students to draw together their knowledge, skills and experience.
Pull the chair nearer the table.
They use oxen to pull their carts.
The sack is too heavy to lift—you’ll have to drag it.
I drew my chair closer to the fire.
a horse-drawn carriage
Fishermen were hauling in their nets.
Our car was towed away by the police.
She tried to escape but he tugged her back.
