Can you drive?
Don't drive so fast!
I drove to work this morning.
Shall we drive (= go there by car) or go by train?
to drive a car/vehicle/truck/bus
He drives a taxi (= that is his job).
He was arrested for driving recklessly.
She drove quickly back to the office.
We drove from Quebec to Ottawa.
We must have driven over 600 kilometres today.
Driving lessons can be expensive.
We drove the rest of the way in silence.
Have you ever driven a racing car?
I learned to drive when I was 25.
They run a driving school in Birmingham.
Be sure not to drink and drive (= drive when you have drunk alcohol).
a ban on texting and driving
to drive home/​north
to drive safely
to drive a nail into a piece of wood
He took a wooden peg and drove it into the ground.
The knife had been driven through his heart.
They drove a tunnel through the solid rock.
to drive the ball into the rough (= in golf)
Huge waves drove the yacht onto the rocks.
The waves drove against the shore.
You will really need to drive your point home.
The stress drove her to drink and put a strain on her marriage.
Dragging kids through airports is enough to drive you to drink.
Could you drive me home?
My mother drove us to the airport.
They were driven to an unknown place in the hills.
I don't want to take the bus. Will you drive me? 
It’s too far to walk—I’ll take you by car.
Firefighters led the survivors to safety.
The president arrived, escorted by twelve bodyguards.
My mother drove us to the airport.
The attendant showed us to our seats.
He always walked her home.
Have you walked the dog yet today?
She guided us through the busy streets.
We were guided around the museums.
She ushered her guests to their seats.
A young woman directed them to the station.
I don't want to drive a wedge between the two of you.
This was just one of the issues that drove a wedge between them.
I wish I knew what they were driving at.
A stream of black cars drove by.
A car drove up to us and a man got out.
What car do you drive?
You need a special licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle.
to drive somebody crazy/mad/nuts/insane
Hunger drove her to steal.
Those kids are driving me to despair.
The website was extremely slow, driving many users to distraction.
The situation has become so desperate that many are driven to suicide.
The destruction of the rainforest may drive certain species to extinction.
The urge to survive drove them on.
You're driving yourself too hard.
He was driven by the desire to understand how things work.
The work is driven by the need for information sharing.
a steam-driven locomotive
The interface can be used to drive a printer.
to drive sheep into a field
The enemy was driven back.
This is the main factor driving investment in the area.
A key factor driving growth was the launch of convenient products.
The dairy products market will also be driven by consumer demand.
