Two prisoners have escaped.
They were caught trying to escape.
He escaped from prison this morning.
She attempted to escape from the pirates holding her hostage.
She managed to escape her captors.
He escaped prison with two other inmates.
Apparently, they had escaped somehow and gotten home.
He got hurt while struggling to escape.
It was stupid of Lee to let them escape.
Although he had no idea what life there would be like, he had to take the chance to escape.
She managed to escape from the burning car.
As a child he would often escape into a dream world of his own.
We were able to escape to the countryside during the summer months.
I escaped with only minor injuries.
Both drivers escaped unhurt.
to escape unharmed/uninjured/unscathed
She was lucky to escape punishment.
They were glad to have escaped the clutches of winter for another year.
The pilot escaped death by seconds.
There was no escaping the fact that he was overweight.
He narrowly escaped being killed.
I need to escape. I want to go away from here.
It was easy to escape in the confusion of the besieged city.
The survivors barely escape in whatever ships they can find.
pilots who successfully escaped while their aircraft was being shot down
Thieves escaped with property worth over $5 000.
We would always go there to escape from it all.
She eventually escaped to the US.
They escaped into the forest.
She only just escaped with her life.
The driver escaped without injury.
Tony may never escape his emotional struggle.
a lonely man who wants to escape his lifestyle
He had managed to escape the clutches of the police yet again.
Scotland seems to have escaped the worst of the recession.
She managed to escape the fate of the other rebels.
The city largely escaped bombing in the campaign.
So far the robbers have escaped justice.
He fled the country to escape the king's wrath.
The head of department cannot entirely escape responsibility for this situation.
The police will not escape criticism in this affair.
No man can escape his destiny.
Her name escapes me (= I can't remember it).
It might have escaped your notice, but I'm very busy at the moment.
errors that had escaped my notice
They're so small they can easily escape notice.
Put a lid on to prevent heat escaping.
toxic waste escaping into the sea
The container is sealed so the gas has no means of escaping into the air.
As he twisted the pipe a trickle of water escaped.
A groan escaped her lips.
