She turned and faced him.
Most of the rooms face the sea.
They face each other across the aisle.
The terrace faces south.
a north-facing wall
a south-east-facing garden
to face outwards/inwards/upwards/downwards
Lie with your palms facing upwards.
Which direction are you facing?
The flower turns its head to face the sun.
The Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition face each other across the dispatch box.
They pray facing the east.
Babies may prefer to be carried facing outwards.
The seating plan had the benches facing inwards toward the central aisle.
The bedrooms face onto the courtyard.
Stand with your feet apart and your hands facing upwards.
He lay on the ground, facing upwards.
A camera was attached to the ceiling facing downwards.
The back rooms face north and can be cold.
Farmers face serious challenges in these conditions.
We are facing a financial crisis.
to face charges/trial
the problems faced by homeless people
The project faces numerous difficulties.
They face competition from foreign imports.
She has faced criticism from some within her party.
We look at the issues facing schools today.
the challenges/problems that face the country
We are faced with the prospect of defeat.
The party will have to change its policies to fit the new problems facing society.
These are just some of the challenges facing small businesses.
The main task facing the country is reconstruction after the war.
We face the prospect of defeat.
They are facing the threat of redundancy.
They are faced with the threat of redundancy.
The health service faces a crisis this winter.
The country is facing an obesity crisis.
We are faced with competition from young up-and-coming artists.
The government faces strong opposition to the cuts.
The manager is facing a lot of pressure this season.
Many believe the country faces a grim future.
I think they would feel differently if they were parents facing the same situation.
Whatever happens, we'll face it together.
We could all face higher fuel bills this winter.
She's faced with a difficult decision.
Several students now face expulsion.
She could face charges of fraud.
He is in custody facing criminal charges.
He was arrested and now faces a murder trial.
It's unlikely she will ever face trial.
They would have to take down the site or face heavy fines.
If convicted, he faces the death penalty.
On their journey across the desert they faced danger of all sorts.
It's time to face reality—we failed.
It's not always easy to face the truth.
I did something wrong and I will face the consequences.
She had to face the fact that her life had changed forever.
Face facts—she isn't coming back.
Let's face it, we're not going to win.
The company was forced to face reality—there was no market for the product.
He wanted his son to face the harsh realities of life.
They refuse to face the fact that this isn't going to work.
You need to face the fact that she doesn't love you.
It's time to forget the past and face the future.
She doesn't seem able to face the situation.
We have to face it that things are going to take a lot longer than we planned.
Face it, nobody likes to be criticized.
I just can't face work today.
He wasn't able to face the washing up.
I can't face seeing them.
She could never face arguing with him.
I'd go, but I can't face getting up so early.
She couldn't face her exercise class this morning.
Some people just can't face parties.
I was planning to clean the car, but I can't face it.
I don't know how I'm going to be able to face telling them.
I just couldn't face doing it all again.
How can you face cleaning all that up?
How can I face Tom? He'll be so disappointed.
a brick building faced with stone
The others all ran off, leaving me to face the music.
