The rain was falling steadily.
They were injured by falling rocks.
Several of the books had fallen onto the floor.
The label must have fallen off.
The leaves were falling from the trees.
The seeds fall to the ground and germinate.
One of the kids fell into the river.
He fell 20 metres onto the rocks below.
It was September and the leaves were starting to fall.
A tile fell off the roof.
70 millimetres of rain fell in just a few hours.
Snow had fallen during the night.
the snow falling on the fields
I've lost my necklace—it must have fallen off.
A cup fell off the shelf and broke.
He was walking by the canal and he fell in.
A leaf fell into my drink.
The plate fell to the floor.
Part of a satellite fell to earth.
Tears fell freely from her eyes.
She lifted her arm, but then let it fall.
Loose bricks were falling down onto the ground.
Her hands fell limply to her sides.
He fell overboard in heavy seas.
He fell from the fourth floor.
He fell on some broken glass.
Careful, or you'll fall!
My birthday falls on a Monday this year.
My eye fell on (= I suddenly saw) a curious object.
Which syllable does the stress fall on?
A shadow fell across her face.
Out of over 400 staff there are just seven that fall into this category.
This case falls outside my jurisdiction.
This falls under the heading of scientific research.
This case falls squarely within the committee's jurisdiction.
That topic falls outside the scope of this thesis.
She slipped on the ice and fell.
A tree fell, just missing his car.
I fell over and cut my knee.
The house looked as if it was about to fall down.
She fell heavily to the ground.
She fell headlong, with a cry of alarm.
One of the children fell over.
He stumbled and almost fell.
I nearly fell on the ice, but recovered.
She tripped and fell going downstairs.
A shot rings out, and he falls backwards.
He fell through a glass door.
She fell forward and hit her head on the table.
I fell back onto the bed.
When a tree falls, it is cut up for firewood.
Prices continued to fall on the stock market today.
The temperature fell sharply in the night.
Falling birth rates could have an impact on future economic growth.
Reputations rise and fall for a variety of reasons.
Their profits have fallen by 30 per cent.
Share prices fell 30p.
Petroleum sales fell almost 11 per cent. 
The dollar fell slightly against the yen.
Her voice fell to a whisper.
Unemployment fell to its lowest level in 30 years.
The price of coal fell sharply.
Profits were falling and so was the stock price.
With falling ad revenues, the magazine was in trouble.
TV ratings have fallen dramatically.
The country's birth rate has fallen to 1.8 children per family.
Winter temperatures never fall below 10°C.
Real hourly wages have fallen significantly over the past 25 years.
The number of people unemployed has fallen from two million to just over one and a half million.
The company's shares fell 19 per cent following the announcement.
Demand is likely to fall by some 15 per cent.
Expenditure on education fell by 10 per cent last year.
During that period, visitor numbers fell by half.
He had fallen asleep on the sofa.
She fell ill soon after and did not recover.
The room had fallen silent.
When the rent fell due, she couldn't pay.
The book fell open at a page of illustrations.
I had fallen into conversation with a man on the train.
The house had fallen into disrepair.
Partway through the expedition, he fell sick and had to give up. 
When the post fell vacant, she applied.
His mouth fell open in astonishment.
They had been married for just a few weeks when she fell pregnant.
At last the house fell quiet and everyone slept.
They met when they were students, and fell in love.
By that time the building had fallen into disuse.
words and phrases that have fallen into disuse
He fell into a coma from which he never recovered.
She fell into a daydream.
We fell into the habit of walking to work together every day.
Her hair fell over her shoulders in a mass of curls.
The land falls away sharply towards the river.
The coup failed but the government fell shortly afterwards.
Troy finally fell to the Greeks.
a memorial to those who fell in the two world wars
A sudden silence fell.
Darkness falls quickly in the tropics.
An expectant hush fell on the guests.
