soldiers trained to fight
He fought in Vietnam.
My grandfather fought against the Fascists in Spain.
to fight a war/battle
They gathered soldiers to fight the invading army.
They fought for control of the island.
Didn't we fight a war for freedom?
They were fighting over disputed land.
Future wars will be fought over water supplies.
We fought and won.
Millions fought and died.
He did not believe that the enemy was ready to fight.
We believed we were fighting for freedom.
These men fought for their country.
Many African American soldiers fought for the Union.
He fought alongside his comrades.
I met someone who fought alongside my father in the war.
They fought bravely against the enemy.
The country fought several wars against its neighbours.
The soldiers were trained to fight in the jungle.
Bolshevik troops fought Polish forces in what is today Western Ukraine and Belarus.
These soldiers fought under the imperial banner.
Modern wars are fought with more sophisticated technology.
A young cyclist is fighting for his life after the accident.
I wouldn't get involved—he's old enough to fight his own battles.
My parents believed in leaving me to fight my own battles.
Successive governments have fought shy of such measures.
The soldiers were prepared to fight to the death if they had to.
The residents are fighting tooth and nail to stop the new development.
She fought tooth and nail to keep custody of the children.
I’m fighting a losing battle against the mess in this house!
She wanted him to take some responsibility for his actions, but she knew it was a losing battle.
My little brothers are always fighting.
He taught me how to fight with a sword.
Riot police fought with demonstrators.
He sometimes fights with other children in the playground.
She fought her attacker, eventually forcing him to flee.
Children will fight even over small things.
dogs fighting over scraps of food
They were fighting each other over a toy.
Paris offers to fight Menelaus for Helen's hand.
She fought hard against his strong grip.
He was suspended from school for fighting.
How did you get the black eye? Have you been fighting?
I caught them fighting with sticks.
He fought another boy over a girl.
He fought against his attacker.
Thousands of rioting students fought with police.
They practically fought (with) each other for the honour of carrying my bag.
A boy said he wanted to fight me after school.
I remember lying in bed listening to my parents fighting.
It's a trivial matter and not worth fighting about.
Scholars have long fought over this point.
I'm always fighting with my sister.
It's normal for couples to fight.
The thing we fight about most is money.
We've fought over many issues, but always respected one another.
Let's not fight over the details.
He was well-liked by his peers, but often fought with his teachers.
We will continue to fight for as long as it takes.
She fought bravely, but died of the disease.
to fight terrorism/crime/corruption/poverty
Vitamin C helps your body to fight disease.
Workers are fighting the decision to close the factory.
The fire crews had problems fighting the blaze.
She fought a long battle against cancer.
They are committed to fighting against racism.
She spent her life fighting for the poor.
We must fight hatred with love.
She'll fight like a tiger to protect her children.
We are committed to fighting poverty.
The government will introduce new measures to fight terrorism.
a superhero who wants to fight crime and clean up the city
Fighting corruption is essential to restore public confidence.
He vowed to fight against the decision.
He has used his fame to become a spokesman for alleviating world poverty and fighting AIDS.
His body was too weak to fight the infection.
Why did you fight so hard against these changes?
I've always had to fight against prejudice.
They are fighting unwinnable wars against corporate giants.
We're fighting for people who are discriminated against.
The organization fights on behalf of political prisoners across the world.
This battle is being fought with spin and PR.
We fought for years before we got the recognition we deserved.
Women fought for the right to vote.
He's still fighting for compensation after the accident.
Doctors fought for more than six hours to save his life.
She fought hard to get this film made.
She gradually fought her way to the top of the company.
the campaign for parliamentary reform
an advertising campaign 
She finally won the legal battle for compensation.
the endless battle between man and nature
the struggle for independence
the struggle between good and evil
the drive for greater efficiency
a drive to reduce energy consumption
the war against crime
Workers won their fight to stop compulsory redundancies.
The company is fighting for survival at the moment.
We will never give up fighting for justice.
He fought tirelessly for the abolition of slavery.
Regional monopolies were bitterly fought for.
We need a good manager who is prepared to fight for a fair share of the funds.
We are fighting for equal rights.
Campaigners fought to save the hospital from closure.
She fought desperately to suppress her laughter.
He fought hard to overcome his disadvantages.
They say they are fighting to preserve their way of life.
She fought to keep her composure.
We fought our way across London in heavy traffic.
This small company fought its way to global success.
to fight an election/a campaign
She's fighting for a place in the national team.
There are twelve parties fighting the election.
The second half was fiercely fought, but neither side managed to score.
Doctors fear he may never fight again.
He has fought 37 bouts with 24 knockouts.
He fought his wife for custody of the children.
I'm determined to fight the case.
