Please fill this glass for me.
to fill a space/vacuum/void
Smoke filled the room.
Her image filled the screen.
The wind filled the sails.
A Disney film can always fill cinemas (= attract a lot of people to see it).
The school is filled to capacity.
She filled the page with writing.
bags filled with household waste
Carl took a mug and filled it to the brim with hot coffee.
Fill a pan half full of water.
You've filled it too full.
The room was filling quickly.
Her eyes suddenly filled with tears.
The room filled with smoke.
The sails filled with wind.
Mourners filled the streets.
Fireworks filled the sky.
Crowds filled the stadium.
I started to write and quickly filled two pages.
Air rushes in to fill the vacuum.
A sculpture may fill a void at the end of a hallway.
They have to fill containers with water from the river.
Fill the device with purified water.
I filled a box with books.
She filled her pockets with sweets.
She had filled the room with flowers.
He seemed to fill the room with his presence.
The sky was filled with stars.
The drawers were all filled to the brim.
Don't fill the cups completely full so we can add milk.
Fill a bag full of small presents.
She filled the kettle from the tap.
The room soon filled with people.
The river rose and the cellar filled with water.
The sails began to fill.
The school is filled to capacity—we simply can't take any more students.
How do you fill your day now that you've retired?
Work expands to fill the time available.
I have plenty to fill up my leisure hours.
She went for a walk to fill in the time before her next appointment.
The kids filled themselves with snacks.
We need to reduce the time taken to fill orders.
On paper, several of the applicants fit the bill.
They used putty to fill the holes.
The crack in the wall had been filled with plaster.
They stuffed cloths in the window frames to fill the cracks.
Fill all the nail holes before you paint the wall.
I need to have two teeth filled.
A deep joy filled me.
We were all filled with admiration for his achievements.
His heart filled with pride.
Hearing this news, he was filled with joy.
Filled with delight to see her, they hugged her.
I was filled with despair.
I felt myself fill with loathing.
Horror and disgust filled my heart.
My heart filled with sorrow.
She was filled with love and gratitude.
I was filled with so much emotion I didn't know what to do.
This news has filled us with new hope.
His experiences have filled his heart with rage.
You have filled your mind with hatred.
The sound of bells ringing filled the air.
Large windows fill the room with light.
The streets were filled with the smell of food cooking.
The smell of paint filled the air.
A strong smell of burning filled the room.
Sunlight fills the house.
He walks in, and tension fills the air.
The air is filled with birds singing.
When she comes home, she fills the house with laughter.
Her parents' house was always filled with music.
a garden filled with the scent of flowers
a smoke-filled room
a fun-filled day
More nurseries will be built to fill the need for high-quality childcare.
Choose the best word to fill the gap in each sentence.
The product has filled a gap in the market.
She left a space in his life that nothing could fill.
More reading will fill the gaps in your knowledge.
I needed extra coaching to fill the gaps in my grasp of the subject.
These kids use drugs to fill a hole in their lives.
We believe we are filling a void in the educational system.
The team needs someone to fill the role of manager.
to fill a post/position
He fills the post satisfactorily (= performs his duties well).
The vacancy has already been filled.
