I tried the dress on but it didn't fit.
That jacket fits well.
My shoes fit perfectly. 
a close-fitting dress
I can't find clothes to fit me.
The key doesn't fit the lock.
The shoes don't fit properly.
jeans which barely fit his stout body
I had to have the dress altered to fit my slimmer body.
The screws fit the holes exactly.
On paper, several of the applicants fit the bill.
The dress fits me like a glove.
I'd like to have a desk in the room but it won't fit.
All the kids will fit in the back of the car.
This device is small enough to fit in a pocket. 
His arms fitted snugly around me. 
That chair should fit into the room easily.
The pencils fit neatly into this box.
The waste unit is designed to fit under the sink.
All the windows were too small for an adult to fit through. 
I'm going to be fitted for my wedding dress today.
They fitted a smoke alarm to the ceiling.
uPVC windows have been fitted throughout the house. 
The rooms were all fitted with smoke alarms.
The glass fits on top of the jug to form a lid.
How do these two parts fit together?
We fitted together the pieces of the puzzle.
If the top of the box fits badly, the contents will spill out.
Something doesn't quite fit here.
His pictures don't fit into any category.
The words fit perfectly with the music.
The facts certainly fit your theory.
to fit a description/profile
The punishment ought to fit the crime.
We tailor our programs to fit their needs. 
Most organizations do not fit this model.
We should fit the punishment to the crime.
He fit the perfect model for a swimmer.
I was told that I didn't fit the criteria.
She fitted the description Travis had given me of her perfectly. 
Exploratory techniques are extremely well fitted to sociolinguistic research.
His experience fitted him perfectly for the job.
She was well fitted to the role of tragic heroine.
His experience fitted him to do the job.
Natural selection will see to it that animals are well fitted to survive in their environment.
A child answering the description of the missing boy was found safe and well in London yesterday.
We're all looking for quick, healthy meals, and pasta fits this description.
A man fitting your description was seen entering the building.
I realized to my horror that the description of the killer could fit me.
Police have arrested two men matching the descriptions of the robbers.
If your face fits, you'll get the job.
It doesn't matter how well qualified you are; if your face doesn't fit, you don't stand a chance.
