Penguins can't fly. 
A stork flew slowly past.
A wasp had flown in through the window.
Geese fly south in the fall. 
Flags were flying at half mast on all public buildings.
to fly the Stars and Stripes
hair flying in the wind
Both suspects have flown the country.
It remains to be seen whether his project will fly.
The villages are no more than a mile apart as the crow flies.
They were on a plane flying from London to New York.
Lufthansa fly to La Paz from Frankfurt.
Enemy planes fly overhead.
to fly at the speed of sound
 The aircraft was declared fully functional and fit to fly. 
British cinema has been flying high recently, winning several coveted awards.
Such a proposal is flying in the face of common sense.
The company is flying a kite to see if this plan provokes any interest.
Her children have flown the nest.
He never sticks to the point but keeps going off at a tangent.
Laura’s mind went off at a tangent.
He seems to fly off the handle about the slightest thing these days.
As soon as the kids arrived, order went out of the window.
Is this the first time that you've flown?
I'm flying to Hong Kong tomorrow.
I was flying home to visit my family. 
I always fly business class.
We're flying KLM.
Someone's going to go flying if you don't pick up these toys.
Our exporters keep the flag flying at international trade exhibitions.
He let fly at me with his fist.
She let fly with a stream of abuse.
‘With a bit of luck, we'll be finished by the end of the year.’ ‘Yes, and pigs might fly!’
How time flies! I've got to go now.
Time has flown since the holiday began.
He's learning to fly.
a pilot trained to fly large passenger planes
children flying kites
She's trained to fly passenger planes, not military jets.
You'll have to fly the helicopter over some dangerous territory.
The stranded tourists were finally flown home.
He had flowers specially flown in for the ceremony.
Orders were given to fly the prisoners to the US.
Some birds fly huge distances when they migrate.
Who was the first person to fly the Atlantic?
Only four airlines are currently allowed to fly transatlantic routes from Heathrow. 
The train was flying along.
She gasped and her hand flew to her mouth.
It's late—I must fly.
A large stone came flying in through the window.
Several people were hit by flying glass.
David gave the door a kick and it flew open.
Doesn't time fly?
Summer has just flown by.
