Follow me please.
He followed her into the house.
They were followed down the street by a bunch of photographers.
Wherever she led, they followed.
Sam walked in, with the rest of the boys following closely behind.
The dog followed obediently at her heels.
Follow me please. I'll show you the way.
She followed blindly, stumbling over stones in her path.
She beckoned him to follow her.
Johnson finished first, closely followed by Stevens and Higgins.
As Jackie walked up the aisle, her mother followed close behind.
I don't see how that follows from what you've just said.
Several conclusions follow on from his statement.
If a = b and b = c it follows that a = c.
It does not necessarily follow that sleep loss would cause these symptoms.
Sorry, I don't follow.
Do you follow me?
I couldn't really follow his argument.
The plot is almost impossible to follow.
to be easy/difficult/hard to follow
Sorry, I don't follow you.
His argument was difficult to follow.
I don’t understand the instructions.
Doctors still don’t understand much about the disease.
‘It opens like this.’ ‘Oh, I see.’
Oh yes, I see what you mean.
She didn’t get the joke.
I don’t get you.
Sorry—I don’t quite follow.
The plot is almost impossible to follow.
They failed to grasp the importance of his words.
The concept of infinity is almost impossible for the human mind to comprehend.
The children were following every word of the story intently.
Her eyes followed him everywhere (= she was looking at him all the time).
We've been following this story for months.
Have you been following the basketball championships?
Millions of people followed the trial on TV.
In his leisure time he follows West Ham United.
They say it takes dedication to follow a football team week-in, week-out for eight months of the season.
Will this be a big shock to people who follow events closely in Washington?
I don’t follow many celebrities on Twitter any more.
The novel follows the fortunes of a village community in Scotland.
The day followed the usual pattern.
She works in television, following in her father's footsteps.
He wanted to follow in his mother's footsteps and be a ballroom dancer.
The garage is a mile ahead up the hill—just follow your nose.
I think we're being followed.
Police followed the car along Station Road where it mounted the kerb again.
As she walked home, she had the feeling she was being followed.
She has been an excellent principal and will be a hard act to follow.
Their contribution will prove a tough act to follow.
I remember little of the days that followed the accident.
A period of unrest followed the president's resignation.
The first two classes are followed by a break of ten minutes.
The main course was followed by fresh fruit.
I'll have soup and fish to follow.
A detailed news report will follow shortly.
There followed a short silence.
The opening hours are as follows…
A new proposal followed on from the discussions.
the workers' revolts that followed in the wake of the student uprising
The first mailing was followed by a postcard reminder to all who received the survey.
Periods of great creativity were followed by years in which he composed nothing. 
Edward was followed in 1553 by Elizabeth's Catholic half-sister Mary.
Give your contact details and follow this with a brief profile of yourself.
They follow up their March show with four UK dates next month.
Follow your treatment with plenty of rest.
He followed these novels with three volumes of autobiography.
to follow rules/procedures/guidelines
They said they were just following orders.
He has trouble following simple instructions.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
Turn right and follow signs to Dundee.
I never follow a recipe completely.
He followed a strict diet.
Follow the instructions very carefully.
I didn't really follow the recipe.
Read the label and follow the directions for use.
 Leave the M4 at junction 11, then follow the signs.
When we tried to follow a sign directing us right into Greater Bridgewater Street, we found the road was closed.
I encourage others to follow our example.
The Senate is expected to follow the lead of the House.
We believe it is in our best interests to follow the path of economic openness and growth.
The movie follows the book faithfully.
They followed the teachings of Buddha.
He always followed the latest fashions (= dressed in fashionable clothes).
Where one airline leads, others follow.
Laura followed her mother into the medical profession (= became a doctor like her mother).
Banks are expected to follow the building societies in raising mortgage rates.
It wasn't in his nature to follow blindly.
How do your feel your writing follows in the tradition of the South?
slavishly following the views of his teachers
I don't want you to follow my example and rush into marriage.
Following the example of Barcelona, greater emphasis is now given to public spaces. 
He ordered a glass of champagne, and we followed his lead. 
He leads by example and the others follow.
Marc is following a path laid down by his father.
Follow the links to sign up for the webinar.
Follow this road until you get to the school, then turn left.
The lane follows the edge of a wood for about a mile.
