‘Why weren't you at the meeting?’ ‘Sorry—I forgot.’
In the excitement I forgot all about my little brother.
Take care, and don't forget to write.
He forgot to mention he was bringing a guest.
I forgot to ask him for his address.
I forgot my purse (= I did not remember to bring it).
‘Hey, don't forget me!’ (= don't leave without me)
Aren't you forgetting something? (= I think you have forgotten to do something)
Her joy was so infectious that he momentarily forgot his own fears for the future.
Oh yes! I almost forgot about the party.
He conveniently forgot to tell me he was married.
I clean forgot to give your brother the message.
Just forget it, will you!
I know what he did was wrong but don’t you think it’s time to forgive and forget?
I share the house with Jim, Ian and Sam, not forgetting Spike, the dog.
Oh, I almost forgot—there was a call for you.
I'd completely forgotten about the money he owed me.
I never forget a face.
I've forgotten my user name. 
Who could forget his speech at last year's party?
She keeps forgetting (that) I’m not a child any more.
I was forgetting (= I had forgotten) (that) you’ve been here before.
It is easy to forget that not all countries have these advantages.
I've forgotten where they live exactly.
I forget how much they paid for it.
I'll never forget hearing this piece of music for the first time.
I'll never forget him sobbing uncontrollably at the funeral. 
It should not be forgotten that people used to get much more exercise.
Before I forget, there was a call from Italy for you.
His pioneering work in the field was largely forgotten until the late 1940s.
I'll never forget the expression on his face.
You seem to forget that it was your idea in the first place.
I completely forgot you were coming today.
She keeps forgetting where she's put her glasses.
The experience of nearly getting killed is not easily forgotten.
a beautiful but almost forgotten corner of North Yorkshire 
Try to forget about what happened.
Could you possibly forget about work for five minutes?
Forget him!
Let's forget our differences and be friends.
Forget glasses; soon your computer display will correct your vision.
Let's forget last night, shall we?
Forget (that) I said anything!
Forget what you've heard in the past. 
If I lose this job, we can forget about buying a new car.
‘I was hoping you might be able to lend me the money.’ ‘You can forget that!’
I'm forgetting myself. I haven't offered you a drink yet!
You're a suspect, not a detective, and don't you forget it.
‘I still owe you for lunch yesterday.’ ‘Forget it.’
‘Now, what were you saying about John?’ ‘Forget it, it doesn't matter.’
‘Any chance of you helping out here?’ ‘Forget it, I've got too much to do.’
