A crowd soon gathered.
His supporters gathered in the main square.
Can you all gather round? I've got something to tell you.
The whole family gathered together at Ray's home.
They were all gathered round the TV.
A large crowd was gathered outside the studio.
The kids were gathered together in one room.
They are all gathering for a major conference.
The boys gathered around the car.
She wore a skirt gathered (in) at the waist.
She gathered the child in her arms and held him close.
He gathered her to him.
He gathered her close and kissed her.
I sat down for a moment to gather my strength.
She was still trying to gather her thoughts together when the door opened.
Fortunately the short delay gave him time to gather himself.
He paused to gather his breath.
Play your guitar that's gathering dust, or pull out the old tennis racket for a match.
You may already have an old laptop that is collecting dust but otherwise usable.
People slowly gathered their belongings and left the hall.
I waited while he gathered up his papers.
She gathered her things together and got to her feet.
We’ve been collecting data from various sources.
Dirt had collected in the corners of the room.
I waited while he gathered up his papers.
Detectives have spent months gathering evidence.
I seem to have accumulated a lot of books.
Debts began to accumulate.
He amassed a fortune from silver mining.
to gather information/data/intelligence
Detectives have spent months gathering evidence.
We’ve been collecting data from various sources.
Dirt had collected in the corners of the room.
I waited while he gathered up his papers.
Detectives have spent months gathering evidence.
I seem to have accumulated a lot of books.
Debts began to accumulate.
He amassed a fortune from silver mining.
to gather wild flowers
They lived in the forest, gathering mushrooms and berries to eat.
It was late August and the harvest had been safely gathered in.
I gather (that) you wanted to see me.
I gather from your letter that you're not enjoying your job.
‘There's been a delay.’ ‘I gathered that.’
‘She won't be coming.’ ‘So I gather.’
You're self-employed, I gather.
As far as I can gather, he got involved in a fight.
From what I can gather, there's been some kind of problem.
The truck gathered speed.
During the 1980s the green movement gathered momentum.
Thousands of these machines are gathering dust (= not being used) in stockrooms.
As the weeks passed, Charlotte began to gather strength.
The storm clouds were gathering.
the gathering gloom of a winter’s afternoon
He gathered his cloak around him.
She gathered up her skirts and ran.
