I got a call from Dave this morning.
What (= What presents) did you get for your birthday?
He gets (= earns) about $40 000 a year.
This room gets very little sunshine.
I got a shock when I saw the bill.
I will report back when I get a chance.
I get the impression that he is bored with his job.
Where did you get the idea from?
It's the best way to get a sense of what's actually going on here.
She got great satisfaction from seeing his embarrassment.
I wanted to speak to the manager but I got his secretary instead.
We got to San Diego at 7 o'clock.
We're aiming to get to the party at about nine.
You got in very late last night.
I got back an hour ago.
Wait till we get home.
What time did you get here?
Let me know when you get there.
I haven't got very far with the book I'm reading.
The bridge was destroyed so we couldn't get across the river.
She got into bed.
He got down from the ladder.
We didn't get (= go) to bed until 3 a.m.
Where do we get on the bus?
I'm getting off (= leaving the train) at the next station.
Where have they got to (= where are they)?
We must be getting home; it's past midnight.
We couldn't get the piano through the door.
We'd better call a taxi and get you home.
The general had to get his troops across the river.
I can't get the lid off.
How can we get to the other side of town?
I don't know how he managed to get down from the roof.
It takes an hour to get from Oxford to London.
We only got as far as the next town.
You can get to the hotel by bus or taxi.
We're going to be late—let's get a taxi.
I usually get the bus to work.
Get a train to Newport and then get a bus from the station.
He got the next plane home.
I ran all the way to the station and just managed to get my train.
I'll try and get a flight home tomorrow.
You won't be able to get a plane there—there's no airport.
to get angry/bored/hungry/fat
to get better/worse
You'll soon get used to the climate here.
We ought to go; it's getting late.
to get dressed/undressed (= to put your clothes on/take your clothes off)
They plan to get married in the summer.
She's upstairs getting ready.
As he's got older his tastes have changed.
She was getting sick of hearing him complain.
There's nothing to get excited about.
He got drunk and passed out.
I was starting to get tired.
I wouldn't go there alone; you might get (= be) mugged.
My car got (= was) stolen at the weekend.
Don't get your dress dirty!
He got his fingers caught in the door.
She soon got the children ready for school.
After a time you get to realize that these things don't matter.
You'll like her once you get to know her.
His drinking is getting to be a problem.
She's getting to be an old lady now.
I must get my hair cut.
I'll never get all this work finished.
She has a reputation for getting things done.
I couldn't get the car to start this morning.
He got his sister to help him with his homework.
You'll never get him to understand.
It's not hard to get him talking—the problem is stopping him!
Can you really get that old car going again?
I finally got Michael to talk to them and he explained everything.
We had trouble getting enough people to sign up.
I got talking to her.
We need to get going soon.
He got to try out all the new software.
It's not fair—I never get to go first.
He has just got a new job.
I'll get the money somehow.
She opened the door wider to get a better look.
Try to get some sleep.
You can also get information on careers in social work from their website.
I think someone's trying to get your attention.
She really knows how to get results.
Who's getting the lunch?
You sit down and relax. I'll get supper.
I must go home and get tea for the kids.
I must go home and get the kids their tea.
Will you get the phone?
He was on the run for a week before the police got him.
to get somebody by the arm/wrist/throat
She fell overboard and the sharks got her.
He thinks everybody is out to get him (= trying to harm him).
I'll get you for that!
The bullet got him in the neck.
I don't get you.
She didn't get the joke.
I don't get it—why would she do a thing like that?
I get the message—you don't want me to come.
I don’t understand the instructions.
Doctors still don’t understand much about the disease.
‘It opens like this.’ ‘Oh, I see.’
Oh yes, I see what you mean.
She didn’t get the joke.
I don’t get you.
Sorry—I don’t quite follow.
The plot is almost impossible to follow.
They failed to grasp the importance of his words.
The concept of infinity is almost impossible for the human mind to comprehend.
You get (= There are) all these kids hanging around in the street.
They still get cases of typhoid there.
‘What's the capital of Bhutan?’ ‘You've got me there!’ (= I don't know)
What gets me is having to do the same thing all day long.
The time's getting on—we ought to be going.
Where did you get that skirt?
Did you manage to get tickets for the concert?
Can I get a Coke?
Did you get a present for your mother?
Did you get your mother a present?
Why don't you get yourself a car?
$100 will get you the basic model.
You can get yourself the basic model for $100.
It must be getting on for midnight.
He's getting on for eighty.
I can't get over how rude she was.
It's been lovely to see you, but it's probably time we got going.
The project hasn't really got going yet.
We finally managed to get the car going.
If your dad finds out you'll really get it!
If you sell it at auction you can expect to get roughly £800.
How much did you get for your car?
We got £420 000 for the house.
This line of investigation is getting us nowhere.
Being rude to me won't get you anywhere.
After six months' work on the project, at last I feel I'm getting somewhere.
I don't seem to be getting anywhere with this letter.
I'm sure you'll get there in the end.
It's not perfect but we're getting there (= making progress).
OK, get this guys—there are only two left!
So get this—I did all the work and he got the money.
I'm partly to blame? What exactly are you getting at?
What's got into Alex? He never used to worry like that.
I’m sorry for laughing like that—I don’t know what got into me.
Quick—go and get a cloth!
Somebody get a doctor!
She went to get help.
I have to go and get my mother from the airport (= collect her).
Get a drink for John.
Get John a drink.
She's gone to get a few more chairs.
Could you go upstairs and get my wallet for me, please?
Can I get you anything to eat or drink?
He got a ‘C’ in Chemistry and a ‘B’ in English.
I got this cold off (= from) you!
She gets (= often suffers from) really bad headaches.
I think I'm getting a cold.
He got ten years (= was sent to prison for ten years) for armed robbery.
95 per cent of the UK can now get superfast broadband.
I couldn't get any mobile phone reception.
We can't get Channel 5 in our area.
