Give the letter to your mother when you've read it.
She gave her ticket to the woman at the check-in desk.
Give your mother the letter.
They were all given a box to carry.
You've given me your cold.
She'd given the bug to all her colleagues.
The judge gave him a nine-month suspended sentence.
We discussed what punishment should be given to the boys.
We're giving a party to celebrate our silver wedding.
He gave a rousing performance of the Bob Marley song.
She gave a reading from her latest volume of poetry.
The President will be giving a press conference this afternoon.
She gave a fine speech to the waiting crowd.
I gave the matter a lot of thought.
I gave a lot of thought to the matter.
The government has given top priority to reforming the tax system.
That marriage won't last. I'll give them two years at the outside.
The umpire gave the ball out.
The ref gave the goal.
The branch began to give under his weight.
We can't go on like this—something's got to give.
You're going to have to give a little.
‘I didn't have time to do it.’ ‘Oh, don't give me that!’
What are you giving your father for his birthday?
She was given a huge bunch of flowers.
Did you give the waiter a tip?
She gave a couple of pounds to the beggar.
We all agreed not to give presents this year.
They say it's better to give than to receive.
You're going to have to learn to give and take.
She can give as good as she gets.
Give it up for Ed Sheeran!
We don't go out much. Give me a quiet night in front of the TV any day!
It'll take about three weeks, give or take a day or so.
I was given to understand that she had resigned.
My son was rude to my friends so I gave him what for.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Geoff Ogilby!
They were all thirsty so I gave them a drink.
Give me your name and address.
We've been given a 2 per cent pay increase.
I was hoping you would give me a job.
He was given a new heart in a five-hour operation.
Give me some time to decide.
We should at least give him the opportunity to explain why he did this.
This should give you some idea of the extent of the problem.
Can you give us some sense of exactly what is at stake here?
We'll give you all the help we can.
She wants a job that gives her more responsibility.
Can I give you a ride to the station?
I'll give you (= allow you to have) ten minutes to prepare your answer.
Don't give me any of that backchat (= don't be rude).
He gives Italian lessons to his colleagues.
The reforms should give a better chance to the less able children.
She gave some helpful advice.
She gives the impression of being very busy.
I was asked to give evidence at the trial.
She gave me some medicine that sent me off to sleep.
Let me give you a word of advice.
The dark glasses gave him an air of mystery.
This shampoo will give your hair a nice healthy sheen.
We want to give you the best possible care.
They couldn't give me any more information.
He just left. He wouldn't give a reason.
The police did not give any details of the attack.
We need your help—please give generously.
They both gave regularly to charity.
I gave a small donation.
A lot of people give money to good causes.
I'll give you £100 and not a penny more!
How much will you give me for the car?
I'd give anything to see him again.
I gave £50 for the lot.
She gave a shrug of her shoulders (= shrugged).
He turned to us and gave a big smile (= smiled broadly).
She looked up from her work and gave a yawn (= yawned).
He gave a loud cry (= cried out loudly) and fell to the floor.
Her work has given pleasure to (= pleased) millions of readers.
He gave her a kiss (= kissed her).
I have to admit that the news gave us a shock (= shocked us).
He gave me a suspicious look (= looked at me suspiciously).
All that driving has given me a headache.
Go for a walk. It'll give you an appetite.
Give me a call tomorrow.
I'll give you a ring.
She had given the assignment an A.
I give it ten out of ten for originality.
He virtually never gives a grade of less than C.
I gave top marks to her essay.
