She went into her room and shut the door behind her.
I have to go to Rome on business.
She has gone to China (= is now in China or is on her way there).
She has been to China (= she went to China and has now returned).
Are you going home for Christmas?
She has gone to see her sister this weekend.
Could you go and get me a towel?
I'm going to Spain this year.
It's a long way to go just to see a couple of reefs.
She's gone to Brazil on vacation.
The weather was pretty bad when we went to Boston last year.
I want this memo to go to all managers.
Hasn't the time gone quickly?
Half an hour went past while we were sitting there.
The cruise went very quickly.
Has your headache gone yet?
I left my bike outside the library and when I came out again it had gone.
Where does this road go?
The trail goes north at this point.
I want a rope that will go from the top window to the ground.
This dictionary goes on the top shelf.
Where do you want the piano to go (= be put)?
My clothes won't all go in that one suitcase.
He tried to push his hand through the gap but it wouldn't go.
‘How did the interview go?’ ‘It went well, thank you.’
Did everything go smoothly?
How's it going (= is your life enjoyable, successful, etc. at the moment)?
The way things are going, the company will be bankrupt by the end of the year.
She went to sleep.
The US and Mexico went to war in 1846.
The law went into effect on 1 August.
Shares went on sale this morning.
They're threatening to go on strike again.
That colour has gone out of fashion.
to go crazy/mad/nuts/insane
She's beginning to go blind.
He suddenly went quiet.
The company went bankrupt last year.
The two little girls went missing over a week ago.
Her hair is going grey.
The children went wild with excitement.
I can't believe I'm going bald—I'm only thirty!
She went bright red with embarrassment.
The milk has gone sour.
to go naked/barefoot 
She cannot bear the thought of children going hungry.
Are you going to Dave's party?
Who else is going?
His dog goes everywhere with him.
He invited her to go with him to the concert.
They went for two weeks without receiving any news.
Pippa's absence went unnoticed.
Police are worried that many crimes go unreported.
In these traditional stories, no crime goes unpunished.
Customer service calls went unanswered.
The gun went ‘bang’.
She went like this with her hand.
The whistle went for the end of the game.
3 into 12 goes 4 times.
7 into 15 won’t go.
7 into 15 doesn’t go.
7 won’t go into 15.
Does this jacket go with this skirt?
Those colours don’t really go (together).
Leeks and potatoes go well together in a soup.
That tie goes well with that shirt.
How does that song go?
I forget how the next line goes.
The story goes that she's been married five times.
I asked ‘How much?’ and he goes, ‘Fifty’ and I go, ‘Fifty? You must be joking!’
I'll say ‘One, two, three, go!’ as a signal for you to start.
As soon as he gets here we're ready to go.
This clock doesn't go.
What makes it go?
He's going too fast.
They went farther north into the mountains.
We had gone about fifty miles when the car broke down.
Slow down—you're going too fast.
We had gone many miles without seeing another car.
The old sofa will have to go.
He's useless—he'll have to go.
Her sight is beginning to go.
His mind is going (= he is losing his mental powers).
I was driving home when my brakes went.
You can't take your money with you when you go.
I don't know where the money goes!
Most of my salary goes on the rent.
The money will go to finance a new community centre.
We won't let the house go for less than $200 000.
There was usually some bread going cheap (= being sold cheaply) at the end of the day.
He's offered £3 000 for the car and I don't think he'll go any higher.
I'll go to $1 000 but that's my limit.
This all goes to prove my theory.
It (= what has just happened) just goes to show you can't always tell how people are going to react.
There just aren't any jobs going in this area.
Do you need to go, Billy?
Almost anything goes these days.
She crashed into a waiter and his tray of drinks went flying.
The car went skidding off the road into a ditch.
She went sobbing up the stairs.
I tripped and went tumbling down the stairs.
Don't go charging in there!
As teachers go, he's not bad.
It was going on (for) midnight.
We're going to buy a house when we've saved enough money.
I think I'm going to faint.
If the drought continues there's going to be a famine.
Don't go getting yourself into trouble.
£50 should be enough to be going on with.
Trust him to go and mess things up!
Why did you have to go and upset your mother like that?
You've really gone and done it (= done something very stupid) now!
Now and again she really goes off on one.
Go on with you—you’re never forty. You don’t look a day over thirty.
I must be going now.
They came at six and went at nine.
Has she gone yet?
He's been gone an hour (= he left an hour ago).
When does the train go?
After they'd gone there was an awkward silence.
Don't go—I want to talk to you.
Here's a list of things to remember before you go.
The train goes in a few minutes' time.
They went at about nine o'clock.
What time did they go?
You're young, intelligent, attractive—you have a lot going for you!
If the bank won't lend us the money it's no go, I'm afraid.
Don't ask me to choose. I don't want to go there.
‘There was a problem with his parents, wasn't there?’ ‘Don't even go there!’
‘One slice or two?’ ‘Just one to be going on with.’
I only have one exam to go.
Two pizzas to go.
to go on a journey/tour/trip/cruise
Richard has gone on leave for two weeks.
to go on holiday
to go on vacation
Halt, who goes there?
to go to school/college/university
I have to go to hospital for an operation.
I have to go to the hospital.
to go to the cinema
to go to the movies
to go to prison/jail (= to be sent there as punishment for a crime)
He goes to work by bus.
I think you should go to the doctor's.
Do you go to church (= regularly attend church services)?
I always go to the gym before work.
She went on Facebook and changed her relationship status.
To find out what the terms mean, go to the glossary.
to go for a walk
to go for a ride/drive/run/swim
Shall we go for a drink (= at a pub or bar) after work?
to go swimming/fishing/jogging
I have to go shopping this afternoon.
We're going sailing on Saturday.
We went walking on the beach.
