The sector is growing at a phenomenal rate.
The performance improved as their confidence grew.
Opposition to the latest proposals is growing steadily.
The market is growing rapidly.
Sales are growing fast.
The business has grown exponentially over the past ten years.
Fears are growing for the safety of a teenager who disappeared a week ago.
The economy is growing by roughly 2 per cent a year.
The company profits grew by 5 per cent last year.
The family has grown in size recently.
This approach is growing in popularity.
She is growing in confidence all the time.
Her media empire grew from quite small beginnings.
That number will grow to two billion users in 2025.
The city's population has grown from about 50 000 to over a million in 20 years.
to grow larger/stronger
The company is growing bigger all the time.
The awful jokes made us all groan.
He let out a groan of pain.
The business has grown hugely in the last ten years.
Although he's a grown man, he'll always be our little boy.
Profits are expected to grow by 10 per cent next year.
She continued to grow in confidence
The Chinese economy has grown at a record pace.
Well before a billionth of a second had elapsed the universe started to grow exponentially.
You've grown since the last time I saw you!
The puppies grow quickly during the first six months.
Nick's grown almost an inch in the last month.
to grow bigger/taller/older
The region is too dry for plants to grow.
Tomatoes grow best in direct sunlight.
These roses grow to a height of 6 feet.
This is a tree that grows well from cuttings.
The land is used to grow crops.
We need to grow our food more efficiently.
I didn't know they grew rice in France.
The plants were grown in controlled conditions.
I grew all these flowers from one packet of seeds.
the nettles that grew thickly around the house
organically grown produce
an attractive plant which is very hardy and easy to grow
The tree grew from a small acorn.
Small acorns grow into great oak trees.
A rose had been allowed to grow unchecked up one of the walls.
As the island subsided the reef grew upwards and outwards.
I've decided to let my hair grow.
I've decided to grow my hair.
I didn't recognize him—he's grown a beard.
He had grown old and fat.
They were growing tired of her unreasonable behaviour.
My eyes soon grew accustomed to the darkness.
Mark and Jenny were growing closer every day.
As time went on he grew more and more impatient.
The skies grew dark and it began to rain.
She grew braver with time.
I'm sure you'll grow to like her in time.
He grew to understand her reasons for leaving.
She continues to grow as an artist.
A secure background will help a child to grow emotionally.
We are trying to grow the business.
