I don't really know. I'm just guessing.
We can only guess at her reasons for leaving.
He guessed right/wrong.
I'd guess that she's about 30.
Can you guess where I've been?
Can you guess his age?
I think it's likely that these people know each other.
I imagine she's his wife.
They might/​may/​could be related.
I would think/​imagine/​guess they've been waiting for some time.
I guess that the car has broken down.
I think this has probably happened before.
It looks to me as though the woman is very angry.
Perhaps/​Probably/​Possibly/​It may be that/​Maybe there has been an accident.
I was only guessing at her age.
If you think I'm lying, well guess again.
That's not the answer. Guess again.
We can only guess how fast a dinosaur might have run.
What star sign are you? No, let me guess.
We can't begin to guess his reasons.
What did you get her for Christmas? Let me guess.
How old do you think I am? Go on, guess!
She guessed the answer straight away.
You'll never guess what she told me.
You would never guess (that) she had problems. She’s always so cheerful.
So it was Rob who broke the window? I might have guessed!
If I had to guess, I'd say she was the one responsible for this.
If you haven't already guessed, I'm going out with Steve.
It's not hard to guess where they went.
Jane had guessed wrong about who was responsible for the fire.
She guessed from his expression that he had not won.
You'll never guess who I saw yesterday!
an easily guessed password
I guessed from John's expression that something was badly wrong.
I guessed, rightly, that the keys would be under the doormat.
If you can guess my age, I'll buy you a drink!
It's not hard to guess who he's gone to see.
You'll never guess where they've gone.
You can probably guess how she reacted!
It's impossible to guess what they might have been feeling.
Guess what! He's asked me out!
Guess who I've just seen!
Guess how long it took me to get here.
Guess who's here!
I guess (that) you’ll be looking for a new job now.
I guess I'm just lucky.
He didn't see me, I guess.
‘Are you ready to go?’ ‘Yeah, I guess so.’
‘They aren't coming, then?’ ‘I guess not.’
‘Do you really love her?’ ‘I guess so.’
‘Are you coming with us?’ ‘I guess so.’
‘Can I have another cookie?’ ‘I guess so, but that's the last one.’
I guess you're mad at me.
It's the kind of book that keeps you guessing right to the end.
