Hang your coat on the hook.
Activists hung a banner from the roof of the building.
Shall I hang your coat up?
Have you hung out the washing?
Have you hung the wash?
There were several expensive suits hanging in the wardrobe.
Clothes hung from hooks on the walls.
His school bag was still hanging on the back of the door.
Smoke hung in the air above the city.
Heavy grey clouds were hanging low in the sky.
The smell of burning plastic hung in the air.
The question seemed to hang in the space between them.
Oh, let's get two and hang the expense!
The project had hung fire for several years for lack of funds.
These multimillion-dollar homes are more than just a place to hang your hat.
The research is interesting, but you cannot hang your hat on it.
Smoke lay heavy on the far side of the water.
Despair hangs heavy in the stifling air.
The crime lay heavy on her conscience.
Her hair hung down to her waist.
He had lost weight and the suit hung loosely on him.
It's OK—hang loose and stay cool.
You get a job, then you get a mortgage and then you hang on like grim death to your job to pay off the mortgage.
The journalists hung on his every word as he spoke of his ordeal.
She is being hung out to dry for one silly mistake.
The long-term future of the space programme hangs in the balance.
Tom’s life hung in the balance for two weeks as he lay in a coma.
The character provides a peg to hang the writer’s political ideas on.
The dog's tongue was hanging out.
Children hung (= were leaning) over the gate.
A cigarette hung from her lips.
She hung her head in shame.
Her injured arm hung uselessly at her side.
Large leaves hung down from the branches of the trees.
The monkey was hanging by its tail from the beams overhead.
The sloth spends most of its time hanging upside down from the branches.
He was the last man to be hanged for murder in this country.
She had tried to hang herself.
At that time you could hang for stealing.
‘What are you all doing?’ ‘Just hanging.’
Do you wanna come hang with us?
We hung her portrait above the fireplace.
Several of his paintings hang in the Tate Gallery.
The rooms were hung with tapestries.
