The two boys hated each other.
Sometimes I really hate him.
He was her most hated enemy.
I hate spinach.
I really hate Monday mornings.
I hate the way she always criticizes me.
He hated it in France (= did not like the life there).
She's hating it at university.
I hate it when people cry.
Don't you just hate it when everyone gets the joke except you?
He hated it that she was right.
She hates making mistakes.
I hate coming home late.
He hated to be away from his family.
She's a person who hates to make mistakes.
I hate to see him suffering like this.
I hate to think what would have happened if you hadn't been there.
He hates anyone parking in his space.
I'd hate anything to happen to him.
She would have hated him to see how her hands shook.
I'd hate for all this to go to waste.
The country's police force was widely hated for its brutality.
I hated myself for feeling jealous.
When children are taught to hate, the whole future of society is in danger.
Why are you wanting a new phone when your current one works perfectly well?
What shall we do tonight? I’m thinking bowling.
I’m loving the weather today! 
I can’t stand his brother.
She couldn’t stand being kept waiting.
He despised himself for being so cowardly.
I can’t bear having cats in the house.
They loathe each other.
They absolutely detest each other.
He came to hate the town, with its narrow prejudices.
I absolutely hate cooking.
She hated the idea of moving to Scotland.
I hate it when you lose your temper like that.
He hates violence in any form.
He was beginning to hate his job.
I hate to think what would have happened if you hadn't been there.
I would hate him to think he wasn't welcome here.
She hated every moment of school.
 I hate the fact that the rich can simply pay for better healthcare.
Don't you just hate people who are always right?
For a moment she almost hated him.
He hated me for standing up to him.
He was the teacher that we all loved to hate.
I hated him with a passion.
They were brought up to hate anyone of a different religion.
I hate to say it, but I don't think their marriage will last.
I'd hate to say how many hours I've spent trying to fix my computer.
I hate to trouble you, but could I use your phone?
