I can't hear very well.
He heard a noise and went to investigate.
She could hear voices in the kitchen.
I could hear the sound of traffic in the background.
She heard footsteps behind her.
I couldn’t hear anything.
to hear a scream/a cry/a shot/an explosion 
He could hear a dog barking.
Did you hear him go out?
I heard a car drive off.
Didn't you hear what I said?
She has been heard to make threats to her former lover.
I can't hear you—the signal is very bad.
We don't need to move—we can see it all from here!
‘Sheep?’ It sounded so unlikely that Sally did not think she could have heard correctly.
Can you hear me clearly at the back?
Distantly he heard the report of another gun.
I could just hear the music in the distance.
You'd better not let Dad hear you say that.
I hear what you're saying, but you're wrong.
The last I heard he was still working at the garage.
Let's hear it for the teachers, for a change.
The programme gives ordinary viewers a chance to make their voices heard.
a society in which individuals are able to make their voices heard
If we don't get her a dog we'll never hear the end of it.
The audience was so quiet you could have heard a pin drop.
You can't go—do you hear me?
Did you hear that play on the radio last night?
He knows that the crowd wants to hear those songs.
Langgard's music is rarely heard outside Denmark.
to hear both sides of the argument
Be quiet—I can't hear myself think! (= it is so noisy that I can't think clearly)
Have you ever heard him lecture?
We'd better hear what they have to say.
Let's hear you sing, then.
a chance to hear the first movement again
Election events offer voters a chance to hear the candidates speak.
Haven't you heard? She resigned.
‘I'm getting married.’ ‘So I've heard.’
Things are going well from what I hear.
I was sorry to hear about your accident.
Come on! I want to hear all about it.
Wait till he hears about this.
I've heard about people like you.
We had heard nothing for weeks.
to hear a story/rumour/report
When I heard the news, I was devastated.
I was delighted to hear your good news.
I was surprised to hear (that) he was married.
I hear you've been away this weekend.
I’ve heard it said (that) they met in Italy.
Did you hear what happened?
We are waiting to hear what the lawyers have to say.
We are hearing talk of civil war.
I told Michael what he wanted to hear.
I was delighted to hear about your promotion.
I've heard about this sort of thing before.
We hear very little about these issues nowadays.
The appeal was heard in private.
Today the jury began to hear the evidence.
That was the last I ever saw of her.
Unfortunately, I don't think we've heard the last of this affair.
I've often heard tell of such things.
