What can I do to help?
I was only trying to help!
He always helps with the housework.
They are trying their best to do a good job and help others.
Jo will help us with some of the organization.
Following these steps will help in protecting our environment.
Come and help me lift this box.
This charity aims to help people to help themselves.
The college's aim is to help students achieve their aspirations.
She helped organize the party.
Some history may help to explain why this is.
Could you possibly help me?
I wonder if you could give me a hand?
Would you mind opening the door for me?
I wonder if you'd mind taking a picture of us?
Could I ask you to keep an eye on my luggage for a moment?
Yes, of course.
I'm sorry, I'm in a hurry.
Sure.
Would you like me to help you with that?
Can I give you a hand?
Can I help you with that?
Shall I carry that for you?
Would it help if I spoke to Julie before you call her?
Let me take your bag.
If there's anything I can do (to help), let me know.
That's very kind/​nice/​generous/​thoughtful of you. Thank you.
It's all right, thank you. I can manage/​do it.
Thanks. That would be very helpful.
I'm afraid I can't help you.
My mother helps me a lot.
Talking to a counsellor helped her enormously.
The minimum wage is designed to help people in low-pay service industries.
Can you help me with my homework?
Many people inadvertently help thieves by leaving keys in full view.
He had actively helped many Jews to escape.
Lavender oil supposedly helps you sleep.
The exhibition helped her establish herself as an artist.
Therapy helped her overcome her fear.
We were given clues to help us solve the puzzle.
I need contacts that could help in finding a job.
We must all try and help each other.
Many people are willing to give their own time to help the community. 
The students helped to raise £750 for the national appeal.
We're helping to create a healthier, better future for everyone.
The support of our families has helped enormously.
It helped being able to talk about it.
It certainly helped that her father is a duke!
The money raised will help towards (= partly pay for) the cost of organizing the championships.
It doesn't really help matters knowing that everyone is talking about us.
This should help to reduce the pain.
We need new measures to help fight terrorism.
His statement hardly helped his case.
The music really helps the scene work.
I thought a walk would help somehow.
Intense guilt won't necessarily help here.
The whole process was greatly helped by the widespread availability of computers.
Correct breathing helps to clear the mind and reduce tension.
The new service helped boost pre-tax profits by 10%.
The study of the present also helps to illuminate the past.
Think of some questions that will help focus the discussion.
Iron helps in the formation of red blood cells.
It helps immensely that he has cast good actors.
efforts to help bridge the gap between those who have access to the internet and those who don't
She helped him to his feet.
We were helped ashore by local people.
He gently helped her back into the chair.
She helped the man out of the car.
I helped her across the road.
If you want another drink, just help yourself.
Can I help you to some more salad?
He'd been helping himself to the money in the cash register.
I can't help thinking he knows more than he has told us.
He can’t help being ugly.
She couldn't help but wonder what he was thinking.
It couldn't be helped (= there was no way of avoiding it and we must accept it).
He never does more work than he can help (= he does as little as possible).
I always end up having an argument with her, I don't know why, I just can't help it.
I couldn't help it if the bus was late (= it wasn't my fault).
She burst out laughing—she couldn't help herself (= couldn't stop herself).
She won’t be invited again, not if I can help it (= if I can do anything to prevent it).
God help us if this doesn't work.
