He hid the letter in a drawer.
I keep my private papers hidden.
They hid me from the police in their attic.
He hid the book under his bed.
I'll find a better place to hide it.
It had been cleverly hidden under furniture.
Quick, hide!
I hid under the bed.
We hid from our pursuers in an empty house.
She hides herself away in her office all day.
She wanted to run away and hide.
He could easily hide in the woods.
He quickly hid behind a large plant.
They were hiding among the bushes.
figures hiding in the shadows
They're hiding from the police.
He accused the president of preferring to hide from the truth.
He hid his face in his hands.
The house was hidden by trees.
The brim of his hat hid half his face.
No amount of make-up could hide her age.
He had a weak mouth which he hid beneath a beard.
The TV was discreetly hidden in a corner.
tiny villages hidden deep in the softly rolling hills
They didn't try to hide the fact that the film was a remake.
I have never tried to hide the truth about my past.
She struggled to hide her disappointment.
They claim that they have nothing to hide (= there was nothing wrong or illegal about what they did).
His brusque manner hides a shy and sensitive nature.
I could not hide my joy at seeing him again.
He hid the letter in a drawer.
She managed to hide her disappointment.
The paintings were concealed beneath a thick layer of plaster.
Tim could barely conceal his disappointment.
She covered her face with her hands.
He tried to disguise his accent.
She masked her anger with a smile.
The soldiers camouflaged themselves with leaves and twigs.
He had deliberately hidden the illness from his boss.
The government tried to hide the evidence from the public.
The truth may well remain hidden forever.
He made no attempt to hide his anger
Hypnotherapy can bring out previously hidden emotions.
She could barely hide her distaste.
She was unable to hide her delight at his failure.
feelings that she had kept completely hidden all these years
She was dressed in loose comfortable clothes that hid a multitude of sins.
