I was afraid he was going to hit me.
She hit him with her umbrella.
Someone hit him in the face.
He hit the nail squarely on the head with the hammer.
He hit her with a stick.
He was hit over the head with a broken bottle.
I was so angry, I wanted to hit him.
She didn't hit me very hard.
She hit him in the face.
Their teachers used to hit them with a stick.
I felt like hitting him.
I picked up a pan and hit him over the head with it.
My parents never used to hit me.
Follow this footpath and you'll eventually hit the road.
The President hits town tomorrow.
Traffic was heavy when they hit the main road.
They were making good progress when they hit a wide fast-flowing river.
It'll be two hours before we hit the border.
By the time we hit the city centre, everything was closed.
Temperatures hit 40° yesterday.
The euro hit a record low in trading today.
We hit top form (= played our best) in yesterday’s match.
The film doesn't always hit its targets (= succeed in what it is attempting to do).
He had managed to hit his sales target this month.
Temperatures are expected to hit 30°C tomorrow.
We seem to have hit a problem.
Everything was going well but then we hit trouble.
The idea hit me like a tornado.
I couldn't remember where I'd seen him before, and then it suddenly hit me.
That's when it really hit me that we were in deep trouble.
the latest board game to hit the market
to hit the shops/stores/shelves
Her shocking autobiography is about to hit the streets.
He always manages to grab the headlines.
The hospital hit the headlines when a number of suspicious deaths occurred.
The story was important enough to make the headlines.
The band has hit big in the US.
The former tennis star’s comeback trail hit the buffers yesterday when she lost in straight sets.
The business over the lawsuit had really knocked her for six.
The bus hit the bridge.
The boy was hit by a speeding car.
The boat hit against an object under the surface of the water.
The boy was hit by a speeding car.
Someone had knocked a hole in the wall.
The baby was banging the table with his spoon.
The ship struck a rock.
In the darkness I bumped into a chair.
I braked too late, bashing into the car in front.
A taxi almost hit him as he was crossing the street.
She threw a plate at him and narrowly missed hitting him.
I was hit by a falling stone.
I decided to hit the sack and have an early night.
Her face went pale as his words hit home.
Hit it, Louis!
We hit it off straight away.
He blushed furiously and Robyn knew she had hit the mark.
The film misses the mark because it just isn't believable.
You touched a raw nerve when you mentioned his first wife.
My remarks about divorce had unwittingly touched a raw nerve.
 The article struck a raw nerve as it revived unpleasant memories.
I must have hit my knee.
He hit his head on the low ceiling.
As she stood up, she hit her hand against the edge of the table.
I accidentally hit my knee on the desk.
I hit my head on the low doorway.
He fell, hitting his head on the hard stone floor.
The band really hit pay dirt with their last album.
It is a bizarre tale and the author hits just the right note of horror and disbelief.
Unfortunately, the president struck the wrong note in his speech, ignoring the public mood.
The following spring I hit the road.
After a nervous start, he finally hit his stride in the second set.
The team took time to hit stride.
The show finally hit its stride in the second season.
We hit a wall and we weren't scoring.
I’ve hit a wall with my marathon training.
What do you do when you hit the wall at work?
She hit the woodwork twice before scoring.
The town was hit by bombs again last night.
He was hit by a sniper.
Not all the bullets hit their targets.
The grenade will explode as soon as it hits the ground.
He was hit directly in the back.
When the shit hits the fan, I don't want to be here.
She hit the ball and ran to first base. 
I hit the ball too hard and it went out of the court.
We've hit our ball over the fence!
to hit a home run
Hit the brakes!
He picked up the phone and hit several buttons.
I found the impulse to hit the fast-forward button to be quite overwhelming.
I accidentally hit the wrong key.
Enter your password and then hit ‘Return’.
The tax increases will certainly hit the poor.
His death didn't really hit me at first.
A tornado hit on Tuesday night.
Rural areas have been worst hit by the strike.
Spain was one of the hardest hit countries.
It hit him very hard when Rosie left.
Our department has been badly hit by the cutbacks.
Some businesses have been hit very hard by the rise in interest rates.
The plans could be hit by spending cuts.
Airlines were badly hit by the recession.
We hit the enemy when they least expected it.
