She was holding a large box.
They were holding hands (= the right hand of one person holding the left hand of the other).
I held the mouse by its tail.
The girl held her father's hand tightly.
He was holding the baby in his arms.
The winning captain held the trophy in the air.
The lovers held each other close.
A man holding a map beckoned to me.
The person holding most cards when the time limit is reached is the winner.
People were holding banners and placards as they stood outside the building.
Each woman held a bottle in her hand.
The family made a circle, held hands, and bowed their heads.
 It had started to rain, so several people held umbrellas over me.
They walked along the street, holding hands.
I held the baby gently in my arms.
He held her by the shoulders.
She was holding a large box.
I held the baby gently in my arms.
Hold on and don’t let go until I say so.
Survivors clung to pieces of floating debris.
She stood there, the flowers still clutched in her hand.
He felt himself slipping and clutched at a branch.
Grip the rope as tightly as you can.
He grasped my hand and shook it warmly.
They clasped hands (= held each other’s hands).
She clasped the children in her arms.
Hang on tight. We’re off!
Police are holding two men in connection with last Thursday's bank raid.
He was held prisoner for two years.
Eight people were held hostage for four months.
She was held captive in a castle.
She was arrested and held in custody in a police station.
There wasn't much in the museum to hold my attention.
These discussions held little interest for Lucy.
Hold your speed at 70.
Interest rates have been held at 8% for a year now.
They are trying to hold public spending to £300 billion.
The company's shares held at £3.47.
In trading today the dollar held steady against the yen.
Employees do not have access to personal records held on computer.
Our solicitor holds our wills.
We can hold your reservation for three days.
That extension is busy right now. Can you hold?
She asked me to hold the line.
Employees hold 30% of the shares.
He was born in South Africa but he holds a British passport.
Applicants must hold a full driving licence.
The rebels held the radio station.
They were afraid the dam wouldn't hold.
How long will the fine weather hold?
If their luck holds, they could still win the championship.
He holds strange views on education.
She is held in high regard by her students (= they have a high opinion of her).
to be held in high esteem
He has very firmly held religious beliefs.
deeply held religious beliefs
privately held views
This view is not widely held.
She groaned and held her head.
The prisoner held his head in his hands.
She started to dance, holding her hands rapturously to her chest.
I still hold that the government's economic policies are mistaken.
Parents will be held responsible for their children's behaviour.
These vases are held to be the finest examples of Greek art.
I can hold my drink as well as anyone.
Zverev held serve to take the set.
Halep held to love.
Hold your fire! (= don't shoot)
Hold the front page! (= don't print it until a particular piece of news is available)
Give me a hot dog, but hold the (= don't give me any) mustard.
The same argument does not hold good in every case.
Hold it a second—I don't think everyone's arrived yet.
Hold your head up.
Hold this position for a count of 10.
The wood is held in position by a clamp.
People held handkerchiefs over their mouths.
I had to hold my stomach in (= pull the muscles flat) to zip up my jeans.
I'll hold the door open for you.
Once she gets on to the subject of politics there's no holding her.
I don't think that branch will hold your weight.
She let him hold most of her weight as he led her upstairs.
Several pieces of wood joined together can hold more weight than just one piece.
This barrel holds 25 litres.
The plane holds about 300 passengers.
The inner box holds the cheese and has holes in it.
 Each 180-litre container will hold up to three black bags of rubbish.
I don't know what the future holds.
This research holds the key to understanding life.
Each month she holds a meeting with her entire staff.
The British Foreign Minister held talks with the leaders of the two countries.
He has already held discussions with Irish shareholders.
It's impossible to hold a conversation with all this noise.
The next conference will be held in Ohio.
The country is holding its first free elections for 20 years.
to hold an event/a party/a competition
The premiere was held in the Four Seasons Hotel.
The Lisburn Social Club is holding a special Mother's Day lunch next Sunday.
Special events are held annually as part of a fund-raising strategy.
The Prime Minister announced his intention to hold a referendum.
She held a garden party to celebrate the artist's 60th birthday.
The meeting will be held in the community centre.
Who holds the world record for the long jump?
She held the title of world champion for three years.
How long has he held office?
Mrs Thatcher held the post of prime minister longer than anyone else last century.
Men still hold most positions of power in this country.
The company has held the advertising contract since 2005.
The professor will hold a seat on the advisory board.
Labour's John Taylor and Mary Smith both held seats in this constituency.
