Allow me to introduce my mother.
The lead singer introduced each member of the band.
He introduced me as a new member of the company.
He introduced me to a Greek girl at the party.
She was introduced to me as a well-known novelist.
Sue and Jo were introduced by a mutual friend.
We have met before, but we haven't been formally introduced.
Can I introduce myself? I'm Helen Robins.
The chairperson introduced herself and opened the discussion.
‘Kay, this is Steve.’ ‘Yes, I know—we've already introduced ourselves.’
She made sure she introduced herself to all her new colleagues.
Amy, do you know my friend Simon?
Have you two met? Jane, this is Matt.
Ted, this is Gwen—she's Porter's mother.
Can I introduce you to my colleague Professor Welsh?
No, I don't think we've met. I'm Harry.
Hello. Nice to meet you.
Hi. I'm Norman Miller.
Can I introduce my wife?
We've already been introduced.
I briefly introduced him to my parents.
She introduced me to her friends.
Measurement error could have been introduced by respondents' recall errors.
The analyst's rankings rely on subjective information, which may introduce a bias into the rankings.
The next programme will be introduced by Mary David.
It is my pleasure to introduce my first guest on the show tonight…
Introduce the topic and briefly state your own opinion.
Each new idea should be introduced in a new paragraph.
In Chapter 3 the author introduces the concept of the learner-centred classroom to readers. 
The first lecture introduces students to the main topics of the course.
He was first introduced to drugs by his elder brother.
She has developed her love of archery since being introduced to the sport by a workmate.
It was she who first introduced the pleasures of sailing to me.
The company has recently introduced a new warehouse management system.
Legislation will be introduced to ensure free bus travel for all pensioners. 
The new law was introduced in 2007.
Psychologists first introduced the term in the early 1990s.
to introduce measures/reforms
We are going to introduce a few changes to the system.
The government plans to gradually introduce the latest technology into all schools.
The company is introducing a new range of products this year.
The airline has introduced a cheap return fare to New York.
The local authority plans to introduce new regulations on parking.
The government has introduced tough new import restrictions.
The practice of community policing was introduced in the 1970s.
She attempted in vain to introduce some order into the classroom.
They recently introduced a yogurt drink into the market.
Bands from London introduced the craze for this kind of music.
A slow theme introduces the first movement.
Some new species were introduced accidentally to Australia from Europe. 
Vegetation patterns changed when goats were introduced to the island.
Diseases were inadvertently introduced into the environment by settlers.
to introduce a bill (before Parliament)
Particles of glass had been introduced into the baby food.
