‘Quick, jump!’ he shouted.
She jumped into the water to save them.
He jumped into the air and started cheering.
She jumped down from the chair.
The children were jumping up and down with excitement.
The pilot jumped from the burning plane (= with a parachute).
He killed himself by jumping off a bridge.
She has jumped 2.2 metres.
He tried to jump back on board.
She jumped up onto the table.
Stop jumping on the furniture!
They all jumped for joy and hugged each other.
The dog kept jumping up at me.
to jump a bus
The bar's jumping tonight.
The local residents are jumping up and down complaining about the noise.
politicians eager to jump on the environmental bandwagon
He skipped bail and went on the run for two weeks.
Junior hospital doctors are thrown in at the deep end in their first jobs.
The company believes in throwing new employees in at the deep end with no training.
He jumped over the wall to get away.
Can you jump that gate?
He jumped the stream and carried on up the hill.
His horse fell as it jumped the last hurdle.
I jumped my horse over all the fences.
She nearly jumped out of her skin when she saw me.
She jumped the queue at the ticket counter.
Because he had money, he was able to jump the queue and get treatment that was not available to other people.
Has the show finally jumped the shark?
You have to jump through so many hoops to get a job like this.
There I go again—jumping to conclusions.
Don't jump to conclusions.
We don't want to jump to the wrong conclusion.
He jumped to his feet when they called his name.
She jumped up and ran out of the room.
Do you want a ride? Jump in.
He jumped out of the car and disappeared into the building.
When she heard the news, she immediately jumped on a plane to France.
A loud bang made me jump.
Her heart jumped when she heard the news.
He crept up behind me and made me jump.
She jumped slightly at the sound of the bell.
Prices jumped by 60% last year.
Sales jumped from $2.7 billion to $3.5 billion.
Your interest rate might suddenly jump at the end of the fixed period.
The FTSE 100 benchmark index jumped 199.9 points.
Profits jumped by 15 per cent during the year.
Shares jumped from 2p to 222p.
I couldn't follow the talk because he kept jumping about from one topic to another.
The story then jumps from her childhood in New York to her first visit to London.
You seem to have jumped several steps in the argument.
The needle jumped across the dial.
The thieves jumped him in a dark alleyway.
