He kept all her letters.
She handed the waiter a hundred dollar bill and told him to keep the change.
Always keep a backup of the file.
Her father kept a grocer's shop.
He scarcely earns enough to keep himself and his family.
At the time many working men did not earn enough to keep a wife and children.
He kept himself by giving private lessons.
You're an hour late—what kept you?
I won't keep you long. I've just got a couple of quick questions.
How is your mother keeping?
We're all keeping well.
Finish off the pie—it won't keep.
Milk and cream should keep quite well in a fridge.
‘I'd love to hear about it, but I'm late already.’ ‘That's OK—it'll keep (= I can tell you about it later).’
May the Lord bless you and keep you (= used in prayers in the Christian Church).
His only thought was to keep the boy from harm.
You just have to keep yourself busy and keep going.
Keep going, Sarah, you're nearly there.
Have an apple to keep you going till dinner time.
Keep your passport in a safe place.
Where do you keep the sugar?
The documents are all kept under lock and key.
Please keep a seat for me.
The man in the shop said he'd keep it for me until Friday.
Please keep me a seat.
We huddled together to keep warm.
I could not keep silent any longer.
The notice said ‘Keep off (= Do not walk on) the grass’.
Keep left along the wall.
The doctors worked miracles to keep him alive.
Winning the contract means they can now keep the factory open.
She kept the children amused for hours.
Keep your PIN safe.
He kept his coat on.
Don't keep us in suspense—what happened next?
She had trouble keeping her balance.
I'm very sorry to keep you waiting.
I'm amazed that she keeps so cheerful.
Keep close to me.
She needed to keep busy.
Sit down and keep calm!
Try to keep active in the cold weather.
We managed to keep dry by standing in a doorway.
Keep smiling!
Why does everyone keep saying that?
Things just keep getting worse.
Don't keep on interrupting me!
Can you keep a secret?
She kept her past secret from us all.
She kept her promise to visit them.
Mary kept her word and Henry was never informed.
He failed to keep his appointment at the clinic.
She kept a diary for over twenty years.
We keep a record of all complaints that we receive.
Keep a note of where each item can be found.
I kept a weekly account of my workload and activities.
Separate accounts must be kept for each different business activity.
Village clerks were unable to keep a proper record of deaths because they were so frequent.
to keep bees/goats/hens
My grandmother kept chickens in her back yard.
Residents are not allowed to keep pets.
