He knocked three times and waited.
I knocked on the door and went straight in.
Somebody was knocking on the window.
Dobson walked straight into her office without knocking.
Someone knocked loudly at the door.
She knocked timidly on the study door and entered.
Get out or I’ll beat the living daylights out of you!
He was a dirty player and loved to kick hell out of the opposition.
It took him just two weeks to knock the new recruits into shape.
I've got all the information together but it still needs knocking into shape.
It shouldn’t take long to get the company back into shape.
The business over the lawsuit had really knocked her for six.
You look fabulous—you'll knock ’em dead tonight.
She knocks the rest of the cast into a cocked hat.
Knock it off, kids—I’m trying to work.
Be careful you don't knock your head on this low beam.
Her hand knocked against the glass.
She dropped the pile of books when he accidentally knocked her shoulder.
The door's very low—mind you don't knock your head!
The stick knocked against the wall.
A lot of teams are looking to knock us off our perch.
The recession knocked on the head any idea of expanding the company.
By eleven o’clock we were all tired so we knocked it on the head.
I've been driving for over 20 years and never had an accident—knock on wood!
Try and talk some sense into her before she makes the wrong decision.
Where would I be without you to knock some sense into my head?
She knocks spots off all the other candidates.
He'd knocked over a glass of water.
I knocked the nail into the wall.
They had to knock the door down to get in.
He had knocked one of the pictures off the wall.
The boys were knocking (= kicking) a ball around in the back yard.
The criticism had knocked (= damaged) her self-esteem.
The boy was hit by a speeding car.
Someone had knocked a hole in the wall.
The baby was banging the table with his spoon.
The ship struck a rock.
In the darkness I bumped into a chair.
I braked too late, bashing into the car in front.
I accidentally knocked over his drink.
Mind you don't knock that glass over.
I accidentally knocked the vase off the table.
The blow knocked me flat.
He was knocked senseless by the blow.
She knocked my drink flying.
The two rooms had been knocked into one (= the wall between them had been knocked down).
The boy was hit by a speeding car.
Someone had knocked a hole in the wall.
The baby was banging the table with his spoon.
The ship struck a rock.
In the darkness I bumped into a chair.
I braked too late, bashing into the car in front.
The blow knocked him unconscious.
The explosion knocked him off his feet.
He was knocked flying as two policemen came crashing through the door.
They managed to knock a hole in the wall.
My heart was knocking wildly.
The newspapers are always knocking the England team.
It may sound pretty childish, but don't knock it until you've tried it.
