No one knows the answer.
I need to know your name.
The truth about what happened is not yet known.
All I know is that she used to work in a bank (= I have no other information about her).
I know (that) people’s handwriting changes as they get older.
We know from experience that turning a hobby into a business is not easy.
I know for a fact (that) he didn't go to the party.
‘There's no one in.’ ‘How do you know?’
‘You've got a flat tyre.’ ‘I know.’
‘What's the answer?’ ‘I don't know.’
As you know, Emma and I are old friends.
‘Isn’t that his car?’ ‘I wouldn’t know./How should I know?’ (= I don’t know and I am not the person you should ask.)
‘What are you two whispering about?’ ‘You don't want to know’ (= because you would be shocked or wouldn't approve).
It is widely known that CFCs can damage the ozone layer.
I knew where he was hiding.
No one knows for sure who did it.
You know about Amanda's baby, don't you?
I don't know about you, but I'm ready for something to eat.
I know next to nothing (= know almost nothing) about opera.
I know of someone who can help us.
‘Is anyone else coming?’ ‘Not that I know of.’
Does he know to come here (= that he should come here) first?
We know her to be honest.
Strobe lights are known to cause seizures.
Who knows what the future will bring?
Breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth.
I really don't know.
I’m afraid I don't have the faintest idea.
Sorry, I have absolutely no idea.
Has anyone left a message? No, not to my knowledge/​not as far as I know.
Well, that’s a good question.
Yes, that’s an interesting point/​idea.
Well, let me see…
Let me think about that for a moment.
Could you tell me the best way to get to Paddington station, please?
Do you happen to know whether Amy Brown works here?
I wonder whether/​if you can help me. I'm trying to find out which number to call for reservations.
Do you know his address?
The cause of the fire is not yet known.
Two women are known to have died.
I didn't know what he was talking about.
I need to know what everyone thinks about this.
‘He's feeling really down.’ ‘ I know.’
He knows a lot about early music.
I don't know much about art.
I don't know for certain, but I think she lives in the next town.
I don't know of anyone who might be interested in the job.
I honestly don't know what they mean to do.
The properties of this substance are poorly known.
If you don't know how to fill in the forms, just ask.
I’ve never known it (to) snow in July before.
He has been known to spend all morning in the bathroom.
He has known both poverty and wealth.
She may be successful now, but she has known what it is like to be poor.
She thought she would never know the joy of seeing a child grow up in her care.
As far as we knew, there was no cause for concern.
As far as I can see, you've done nothing wrong.
She lived in Chicago, as far as I can remember.
We were whisked off in a taxi before we knew where we were.
‘I'm sorry, I called when you were in bed.’ ‘Don't worry—you weren't to know.’
She could be dead for all I know.
God knows what else they might find.
‘Where are they?’ ‘Goodness knows.’
She ought to pass the exam—goodness knows she's been working hard enough.
He thinks he knows all the answers.
As soon as I walked in the room I knew (that) something was wrong.
She knew she was dying.
‘Martin was lying all the time.’ ‘I should have known.’
I knew perfectly well what she meant.
I know exactly how you feel.
This case is hopeless and he knows it (= although he will not admit it).
If only we'd known you were having so many problems!
You know very well what I'm talking about!
If I'd known beforehand how bad it would be, I wouldn't have gone.
I instantly knew what the call was about.
He knew instinctively where he would find her.
He had all the answers off pat.
Our car has seen better days!
I don't know how you can say things like that.
If the truth be known, I was afraid to tell anyone.
‘What a ridiculous situation!’ ‘I know.’
I know, let's see what's on at the theatre.
You know as well as I do that you're being unreasonable.
She must know the play backwards by now.
The doctor told you to stay in bed, and she knows best.
He knows better than to judge by appearances.
He knew (that) he could trust her.
I know it's here somewhere!
I know things will turn out all right.
I don't know that I can finish it by next week.
I just knew that it was something I wanted to do.
‘You were right—someone's been spreading rumours about you.’ ‘I knew it!’
‘She's the worst player in the team.’ ‘Oh, I don't know (= I am not sure that I agree)—she played well yesterday.’
I knew you would say that!
This new piece is less traditional than her early work.
She knew deep down that she would never see him again.
He knew that he could trust her.
I just knew there would be problems.
He says he doesn't care about what the critics write, but I know different.
He knew full well what she thought of it.
This is where I grew up. I know this area like the back of my hand.
She's been married five times, so she knows a thing or two about men!
He's a ruthless businessman, as I know to my cost.
I worked there for 20 years, so I know what I'm talking about.
I've known David for 20 years.
Do you two know each other (= have you met before)?
She was a secretary when I first knew her.
She's very nice when you get to know her.
Knowing Ben, we could be waiting a long time (= it is typical of him to be late).
This man is known to the police (= as a criminal).
I don’t know anyone in Oxford.
I know Paris well.
Do you know the play (= have you seen or read it before)?
How many of your neighbours do you know by name?
The new rules could mean the end of football as we know it (= in the form that we are familiar with).
He knows this city better than anyone.
I don't know them personally.
I don't know John very well.
But I hardly know the woman!
I know several people who could help.
The product our consumers know and love will not change.
The President has let it be known that he does not intend to run for election again.
I don't know if I can come, but I'll let you know tomorrow.
Let me know how I can help.
Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
Lord knows, I tried to teach her.
‘Why did she say that?’ ‘Lord knows!’
I made myself known to the hotel manager.
Don’t blame the children—they don’t know any better.
I don’t know beans about making movies.
I’m afraid I don’t know the first thing about cars.
Do you know any Japanese?
Do you know how to use spreadsheets?
We’ve lived next to him for years, but we still don’t know the first thing about him.
You people without kids don't know you're born.
I've tried to ask her advice, but she doesn't want to know (= about my problems).
‘How much was it?’ ‘You don't want to know’ (= it is better if you don't know).
There's no knowing how he'll react.
He has become widely known as an expert in child psychology.
It's known as the most dangerous part of the city.
She is best known for her work on the human brain.
He is internationally known for his work with vaccines.
He's known to be an outstanding physicist.
What does he know about football, anyway?
Well, what do you know? Look who's here!
She certainly knows what's what.
Well, you know, it's difficult to explain.
Guess who I've just seen? Maggie! You know—Jim's wife.
You know that restaurant round the corner? It's closed down.
I'm not stupid, you know.
You know something? I've never really enjoyed Christmas.
Iran was formerly known as Persia.
The drug is commonly known as Ecstasy.
Peter Wilson, also known as ‘The Tiger’
He was known as Bonzo to his friends.
The country was not yet known by the name of England.
parts of the body known collectively as the sensory system
The drug is variously known as crack or freebase.
He has been known by many names in his long life.
I couldn't see who was speaking, but I knew the voice.
She knows a bargain when she sees one.
She was able to identify her attacker.
I recognized him as soon as he came in the room.
The victim has not yet been named.
I could just make out a figure in the darkness.
I hope we have taught our children to know right from wrong.
