to laugh out loud
to laugh loudly/aloud/heartily
When I heard her excuse, I just laughed.
I was laughing so hard that I had tears running down my cheeks.
The show was hilarious—I couldn't stop laughing.
You never laugh at my jokes!
She was laughing hysterically about something he had said.
She always makes me laugh.
He burst out laughing (= suddenly started laughing).
She laughed to cover her nervousness.
I told him I was worried but he laughed scornfully.
She laughed and said, ‘You silly man!’
‘You're crazy!’ she laughed.
Emilio tilted his head back and laughed good-naturedly.
He laughed, and she found herself laughing with him.
He laughed heartily at his own joke.
He looked so funny I just had to laugh.
He pulled a funny face to make us laugh.
He realized how he had been fooled, and laughed bitterly.
I have not heard an audience laugh so hard for a long time.
I heard him suddenly laugh aloud.
I laughed uneasily, trying to make light of the moment.
I thought she would be angry but she just laughed.
I was watching them and trying not to laugh.
It looked so funny that I almost laughed out loud.
It was so funny we just fell about laughing.
Sam shook her head, laughing in amusement.
She laughed slightly as she saw my expression.
She smiles and laughs easily.
She spent time talking and laughing with the children.
She was fooling around and we couldn't stop laughing.
The audience laughed at her jokes.
They were talking and laughing together.
Tomorrow you'll be able to laugh about this.
Trent almost laughed with relief.
Vivian started laughing hysterically.
We were laughing over some joke Bentley had told.
He’ll be laughing on the other side of his face when he reads my letter.
All his attempts at explanation were simply laughed out of court.
Well, I'm sorry you've lost your shoes, but you've got to laugh, haven't you?
If we win the next game we'll be laughing.
I nearly died laughing when she said that.
‘Will your dad lend you the money?’ ‘Don't make me laugh!’
He was killing himself laughing.
