The government recently launched a national road safety campaign.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident.
to launch an appeal/initiative 
Government forces launched an attack against militants in the north of the country.
to launch an offensive/air strike 
The TV celebrities helped launch an anti-drugs campaign.
The appeal was officially launched last month.
A German firm launched a takeover bid for the company.
A massive attack was launched in the spring of 1918.
Enemy troops launched an assault on the town.
Police have launched a murder enquiry.
The Duchess of Cornwall, president of the charity, will launch the appeal in London.
The authorities launched a massive security operation in the city.
The charity tonight launched its crusade against homelessness.
The company launched a huge advertising campaign.
The government has launched a new policy initiative.
The police immediately launched a nationwide search for the killer.
We're going to launch a big recruitment drive in the autumn.
The company plans to launch the service to coincide with the World Cup this summer.
The updated website will be officially launched at the conference in April.
The new series launches in July.
a party to launch his latest novel
The new model will be launched in July.
The book was launched amid a fanfare of publicity.
The Navy is to launch a new warship today.
The lifeboat was launched immediately.
to launch a missile/rocket
The satellite was successfully launched into orbit earlier this month.
to launch a communications satellite
The ship was hit by three torpedoes launched from the enemy submarine.
He launched a biting attack on the senior management.
Residents have launched a protest against the proposed development.
Without warning he launched himself at me.
She launched herself on the rock world with a brilliant album.
You can launch programs and documents from your keyboard.
It’s not the fastest way to launch an application.
I was impressed with how fast the app launches.
