If you lead, I'll follow.
He led us out into the grounds.
The receptionist led the way to the boardroom.
She led the horse back into the stable.
The robbers led police on a high-speed chase through the city.
I tried to lead the discussion back to the main issue.
It’s too far to walk—I’ll take you by car.
Firefighters led the survivors to safety.
The president arrived, escorted by twelve bodyguards.
My mother drove us to the airport.
The attendant showed us to our seats.
He always walked her home.
Have you walked the dog yet today?
She guided us through the busy streets.
We were guided around the museums.
She ushered her guests to their seats.
A young woman directed them to the station.
‘Lead on!’ said Arnold.
Firefighters led the survivors to safety.
You lead the way and we'll follow.
Five people helping to lead a convoy of aid are feared dead.
Let me lead the way.
She led them along a dark corridor to a small room.
It's your turn to lead.
to lead the ten of clubs
Jack's parents thought the other boys might lead him astray.
Denmark, Norway and Sweden are united in leading the charge to a cash-free economy.
The two crooks had been living the life of Riley.
He planned to retire early and then lead the life of Riley.
This discussion is leading us nowhere.
Often there are discoveries which lead nowhere.
steps leading from the kitchen to the cellar
Disconnect the pipe leading from the top of the water tank.
The wire led to a speaker.
He offered me a ride home one night, and, well, one thing led to another and now we're married!
A path led down the hill.
The road led away from the house directly to the lake.
Which door leads to the yard?
The corridor led into a spacious living room.
The track led us through a wood.
Copper piping replaced the use of lead.
The staircase led to a secret passageway.
a path leading from the village to the old church
An old track led back through the wood.
The glass doors lead out onto a rooftop garden.
The gardens lead directly onto a beach.
Discussion of a client's tax affairs will lead naturally into consideration of investment options.
The carbon tax will inevitably lead to an increase in energy bills.
the events that eventually led to war
The fire ant's painful sting can ultimately lead to death for some people.
Eating too much sugar can lead to health problems.
A reward was offered for information leading to an arrest.
Childhood obesity can cause/lead to long-term health problems.
Changes in lifestyle and diet over the last twenty years have caused/led to/resulted in a sharp increase in childhood obesity.
Several factors, including changes in diet and lifestyle, have contributed to the increase in childhood obesity.
Research suggests that fast food and soft drinks directly contribute to childhood obesity.
Genetics, lifestyle and diet are all important factors in cases of childhood obesity.
Even small changes in lifestyle and diet can bring about significant weight loss.
Business success does not automatically lead to financial success.
These measures in turn led to an increased opportunity for independent music production.
Worrying about your weight is more likely to lead to low self-esteem.
The use of soft drugs does not necessarily lead to a progression to hard drugs.
Such actions would most likely lead to the decline of rural communities.
Sugar and fat can easily lead to obesity.
Industrialization inevitably led to the expansion of the urban working class.
What led you to this conclusion?
He's too easily led (= easily persuaded to do or think something).
Circumstances eventually led her to train as a doctor.
The situation is far worse than we had been led to believe.
Some children are easily led.
This has led scientists to speculate on the existence of other galaxies.
What we found leads us to suspect that more people may be involved.
to lead a team/group
to lead an expedition/a discussion
Inspector Sam Roland is leading the investigation. 
Who will lead the party in the next election?
The campaign for the ban was led by Greenpeace.
A good manager leads by example (= shows people how to behave by behaving in that way themselves).
The project is run by a team of experts led by Andrew Hall.
He led the first expedition to the North Pole.
Detective Inspector Adrian Eakins, who is leading the hunt for the killer, has called a press conference.
The department led the world in cancer research.
We lead the way in space technology.
The champion is leading (her nearest rival) by 18 seconds.
The firm's solid construction standards still lead the field.
He led the race for eight laps until his engine blew.
We lead a very quiet life.
to lead a life of luxury/a miserable existence
I tried to lead as normal a life as possible.
The recent economic recovery was almost entirely led by exports.
