to learn a language/skill/trade
He had the opportunity to learn English in Australia.
I learned a lot from my father.
Everyone in the class had the opportunity to learn from each other. 
You can learn a great deal just from watching other players.
She's very keen to learn about Japanese culture.
The book is about how children learn.
She received no training but quickly learnt on the job (= while doing the job).
He's learning to play the trumpet.
Most people learn to read as children.
Today we learnt how to use the new software.
Students need to learn what to do in an emergency.
He’s learning Spanish/​to swim.
She studied chemistry for three years.
In this class we’ll revise/​review what we did last week.
If you practise speaking English, you’ll soon improve.
We only had two weeks to rehearse the play.
He's learning to dance.
He’s still learning how to dance.
Children learn very quickly.
He was eager to learn all she could teach him.
She learned from watching others.
The children learn about art by painting.
Did you ever learn any languages?
Everyone learns in a slightly different way.
He learned to ride when he was about three years old.
I've forgotten most of what I learned at school.
It's a bit overwhelming at first but don't worry, you'll soon learn.
Most of the kids here are eager to learn.
She's very interested in learning more about Japanese culture.
I've got a lot to learn, haven't I?
You still have a lot to learn.
I learnt the poem by heart.
We have to learn one of Hamlet's speeches for school tomorrow.
You'll have to learn your lines by next week.
Some people never learn, do they?
I'm sure she'll learn from her mistakes.
Why do people so often fail to learn from experience?
He’ll just have to learn (that) he can’t always have his own way.
They soon learn that bad behaviour is a sure-fire way of getting attention.
They soon learned to love living in the countryside.
I soon learned not to ask too many questions.
I first learnt of his death many years later.
We only learned about the problems in May of this year.
We were very surprised to learn (that) she had got married again.
We only learned who the new teacher was a few days ago.
How did they react when they learned the news?
It has been learned that 500 jobs are to be lost at the factory.
I learnt of her arrival from a close friend.
We first learned of the problem from her school.
I was surprised to learn that he was only 23.
He's a ruthless businessman, as I know to my cost.
