‘Shall we check it again?’ ‘Yes, let's.’
Let's go to the beach.
Right, let's begin.
Let us review these points in more detail.
Let's not tell her what we did.
Don't let's tell her what we did.
Now let's not be silly about this.
I don't think we'll make it, but let's try anyway.
Come on, let's go.
So let's get started.
It's party time, so let's celebrate.
Let's go back in time to when this all began.
'Shall we go over it again?' 'Yes, let's do that.'
'Shall we go over it again?' 'Let's.'
So let's talk about what happens next.
Let's assume that all the tickets are sold.
Let's be honest, nobody expected this to happen.
Now let's look again at your analysis.
Let's not say things we might regret.
Don't let's make excuses.
Let us remember their sacrifices.
Let us continue with the next point on the agenda.
Let us pray.
Let line AB be equal to line CD.
I let the spare room.
They decided to let out the smaller offices at low rents.
We can hire bikes for a day to explore the town.
We don’t own our TV, we rent it.
Do you hire out bikes?
We rent out rooms in our house to students.
To let
For rent.
We hired a new secretary.
Bikes for hire.
I know I'm being grumpy, but I'm really tired so just let me be.
She let fall a further heavy hint.
Will they let the hostages go?
He's finally been let go.
They're having to let 100 employees go because of falling profits.
Don't let the rope go.
Don't let go of the rope.
Let go! You're hurting me!
It's time to let the past go.
It's time to let go of the past.
I'm afraid I've let the garden go this year.
Let the house go in order to spend time with the kids.
Let me help you with that.
Here, let me do it.
Let us get those boxes down for you.
'Please, let me,' she said, opening the door.
Let me help you with your luggage.
Just let me find out for you.
Let me get your coat.
Wait, let me get that for you.
Let me ask if anything can be done to speed things up.
Let us help you with your arrangements.
Let our experts take the stress out of buying a home.
'Here, let me,' he said, taking the dirty plates.
Let me—I can reach more easily.
I don't entirely agree, but I'll let it go at that.
I thought she was hinting at something, but I let it go.
Now let me see—where did he say he lived?
Let's just say he wasn't very happy about the decision (= he was very unhappy or angry about it).
I can let you have it for, well let's say £100.
Come on, enjoy yourself, let yourself go!
He has let himself go since he lost his job.
The website advertises flats to let in the local area. 
Let me have your report by Friday.
Let me know (= tell me) how I can help.
Please let us know your decision as soon as possible.
Kindly let us know any special dietary requirements.
Just let me read the document before you post it.
Let me see it when it's done, please.
If you could let Tina have the final numbers by next Tuesday, that would be great.
Be sure to let them know in plenty of time.
Let them splash around in the pool for a while.
Don't let her upset you.
Let your body relax.
I'll let others decide whether the play was a success or not.
Will you let me finish?
He'd eat chocolate all day long if I let him.
He's always willing to let others take the lead.
She was content to let me do all the work.
Let me do the talking.
I let my mind go blank.
How can you let other people take the blame for what you did?
I'm not going to let some idiot spoil my enjoyment.
I'm not about to let you bully me.
We can't let them get away with this.
I'll let you make up your own mind.
Stop interrupting and let her speak.
I'm just going to let the tape run.
Sit back, relax, and let yourself be entertained.
I stupidly let myself be persuaded.
He let himself drift off into a daydream.
I let the warm water run all over my body.
He let things get into a bad state while she was away.
I wanted to let the beauty of the image speak for itself.
I'd like to say a few words, if you'll let me.
I offered to wash up, but they wouldn't let me.
She walked as fast as her sore knee would let her.
The software also lets users create personalized data views.
They won't let him leave the country.
In some countries they let you drive at 15.
They refused to let us cross the border.
I wanted to go but my parents wouldn't let me.
I'll come if my parents let me.
I wanted to go by myself but she wouldn't let me.
My older sisters wouldn't let me go with them.
At least let me try.
The school won't let you do Physics unless you have at least a B in Maths.
He agreed to let her move into the house temporarily.
They even refused to let his wife see him in hospital.
Don't let him come.
They let me retake my exams.
I'm not going to let anyone else use my phone.
I'm happy to let him borrow the car if he pays for the insurance.
They never let the children play outside.
The police wouldn't let us leave.
Her parents won't let her go out with boys.
to let somebody into the house
This lets more water into the soil.
I'll give you a key so that you can let yourself in.
The hall will be able to let in more spectators.
Please let me past.
The cat wants to be let out.
She banged on the door shouting ‘Let me in!’
Open a window, let some air in.
Under 18s are not supposed to be let in.
Why would you let a complete stranger into your house?
They refused to let them across the border.
Someone let the dog out.
We opened the door to let out the smoke.
She let the hamster out of its cage.
They let us out of school early today.
After he was let out of jail, he moved to another city.
Only eight teams are let through to the next round.
This might block programs that your other firewalls let through.
If he thinks he can cheat me, just let him try!
Let her come home safely!
Let me give you an example.
Let me just finish this and then I'll come.
