to lie on your back/side/front
She lay in bed listening to music.
Lie there for a bit until you feel better.
I lay awake all night worrying about it.
The cat was lying fast asleep by the fire.
She was lying on the beach.
Why don't you lie on the bed?
She had lain there all night.
If you're tired, go and have a lie down.
She likes to lie in bed all day.
He was lying next to his wife in bed.
I lay on the sofa reading my book.
I lay on the grass and fell asleep.
She wouldn't enjoy a holiday just lying on the beach.
A man lay dead in the middle of the road.
They found him lying in a pool of blood.
They found him lying unconscious at the foot of the stairs.
He fell on the floor and just lay there not moving.
Her body lay motionless on the bed.
Lying there listening to music, I felt at peace.
He just lay there smiling.
They stole her belongings while she lay helpless on the bed.
A sleeping dog lies at his feet.
He was lying face down in the mud.
I was lying flat on the floor.
Lie face up with your feet on the floor.
Lie still and try to sleep.
Lie still while I put the bandage on.
They lay quietly for a while.
She lay on her stomach.
She lay sprawled on the sofa.
He was lying naked on the bed.
She lay on her back and looked up at the sky.
The painting depicts a male figure lying prone.
The crime lay heavy on her conscience.
You are young and your whole life lies ahead of you.
She didn’t know what lay in store.
We must be prepared for whatever lies ahead.
None of us knows what lies in store for us.
He was surrounded by reporters who had been lying in wait for him.
Let's wait and see how the land lies before we do anything.
Clothes were lying all over the floor.
She picked up a pen that was lying nearby.
The book lay open on the desk.
Make sure the fabric lies flat.
He just leaves his wet towel lying on the carpet.
Broken glass lay scattered all over the floor.
An empty pill bottle lay on the bedside table.
He found a piece of quartz lying on the sand.
She left the letter lying unread on her desk for a week.
He tried to pick up the gun that was lying close by.
A stack of waffles lay next to a pile of blueberry pancakes.
The books lay gathering dust on the shelf.
Bodies and rubble lay everywhere.
The cables, pipes and wires that serve New York lie as deep as 800 feet underground.
The ship now lies at the bottom of the sea.
Houses lie empty while people are homeless.
 These machines have lain idle since the factory closed.
Snow was lying thick on the ground.
Much of the city now lay in ruins.
a ship lying at anchor
I'd rather use my money than leave it lying in the bank.
The seeds lie dormant in the soil throughout the winter.
Passengers were standing up while first class seats lay empty.
Too many apartments are lying vacant.
The field is left to lie fallow.
A tremendous amount of work lay ahead of us.
None of us knows what lies in front of us.
These Roman ruins have lain undiscovered for two thousand years.
This precious film lay untouched in an attic.
Our plans lay in ruins.
Their dreams lay in tatters.
The problem lies in deciding when to intervene.
Our strength lies in our loyal customer base.
The fault lies with you.
The answer seems to lie elsewhere.
We need to consider carefully where our best interests lie.
Different people see quite different things in this film, and therein lies its genius.
My main interest lies in his early work.
The big difference between them lies in their attitudes.
Her strength lies in her ability to understand her opponent's thinking.
The challenge lies in the fact that most people do not like to plan so far ahead. 
The appeal of his paintings lies in their simplicity and boldness.
The answer lies in your hands.
Where does the answer lie?
Perhaps the truth lies somewhere in between.
The really important things lie outside of our narrow concerns.
This is an issue that lies very close to my heart.
The responsibility lies with your employer to ensure this review is followed up.
All the power lies with him in this situation.
Our sympathies lie with the main character.
The blame lies squarely with the company.
Thousands of units would be needed, and therein lies the challenge.
Cloning endangered species may seem a wonderful idea, but where would scientists stop? Herein lies the danger.
We can guess what lies at the root of her problems: money.
Joy and love lie at the heart of all his films.
At the heart of this story there lies a puzzle.
Between the two of them there lay an unspoken tension.
The town lies on the coast.
An island lies in the middle of the lagoon.
The building dates from around 1700 and lies close to the centre of Vienna. 
The village lies in the foothills of the Dolomites.
The site lies next to the old library building.
There's a field lying next to the barn.
We walked to a stream that lay nearby.
The palace lies just outside the city walls.
The airport lies 50 miles east of the city.
These nations lie close to the sea lanes between Europe and China and Japan.
The valley lay below us.
Thompson is lying in fourth place.
After five games the German team are lying second.
We need to find out what lies at the bottom of these fears.
I'd love to know what lies at the bottom of all this.
Smoke lay heavy on the far side of the water.
Despair hangs heavy in the stifling air.
