measures to limit carbon dioxide emissions
The amount of money you have to spend will limit your choice.
Try to limit the number of trips you make.
to limit somebody's ability/freedom/power to do something
The guidelines include limiting the number of birds that can be kept in one cage.
It's really important to limit the amount of fat in your diet.
The room is small, which limits the size of table we can consider.
He believes in limiting the power of government.
There are laws which limit our freedom to act.
In an effort to limit the damage to his career, he gave an interview.
I don't know much about the subject, which limits my ability to comment.
We try to limit the children's use of social media.
The change in the law was designed to limit the scope for corruption.
Rigid job descriptions can serve to limit productivity.
They are working to limit oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Campaign spending was limited to a maximum of $500 000.
Workshops are limited to a maximum of 25 participants.
The possibilities are limited only by your imagination.
What are the factors limiting economic growth?
Such agreements seek to limit the liability of air carriers.
There are no regulations which limit the hours which ships' crews work.
There is no evidence that the restrictions have limited the effectiveness of the advertising.
You can use any material available—why limit yourself?
I've limited myself to 1 000 calories a day to try and lose weight.
Families are limited to four free tickets each.
I limited myself to two small pieces of toast.
For this design, he limited himself to basic geometric shapes.
Few painters choose to limit themselves to only one type of subject.
In this report, we limit ourselves to an examination of current legislation.
There are many films I could mention but I will limit myself to just five.
I try not to limit myself in what I think I can achieve.
The writer does not limit herself to one time or place.
We will have to limit you to two helpings each.
During the last fuel crisis we had to limit people to £5 worth of fuel.
Some shops were limiting customers to two loaves of bread each.
Claimants are now limited to one emergency claim per year.
The time restriction does limit us in terms of how many we can sell.
The system limits us to 8-character passwords.
With the premium account you are limited to four users.
