to live in a house/a flat/an apartment 
We used to live in London.
people living in rural areas
We live in a world where technological advance is the norm.
Where do you live?
She needs to find somewhere to live.
It's a great place to live.
Both her children still live at home.
He lived and worked there until his death in 2015.
Where do these plates live (= where are they usually kept)?
I live in an old farmhouse.
He lives in Cape Town.
I'm not going to live here permanently.
The couple have lived apart for two years.
She lives quite near here.
She's lived at this same address for four years.
They lived among the people of this remote island.
We went to live in Canada when I was three.
You can live there quite cheaply.
They live in a society that is among the most liberal in Western Europe.
Her family has lived in the community since 1962.
According to the latest opinion polls, the government is living on borrowed time.
The two crooks had been living the life of Riley.
He planned to retire early and then lead the life of Riley.
He just lives and breathes football.
With her own TV show and a flat in Paris, she is living the dream.
The doctors said he only had six months to live.
Spiders can live for several days without food.
Women live longer than men in general.
Who wants to live forever? I don't.
She lived to see her first grandchild.
He lived to the age of 95.
I shall remember this day for as long as I live.
I absolutely could not live without my cell phone!
He lived a lie for thirty years, ‘married’ to two women.
young people sleeping rough on the streets
Unless you’ve been living under a rock for the last few decades, you’ll be aware that Arctic sea ice is melting.
Long live the King!
Long live public libraries!
When did Handel live?
Luther lived at a time when the Bible was only available in Latin.
He's the greatest player who ever lived.
You've never been to New York? You haven't lived!
He lived in poverty most of his life.
to live in fear/peace/harmony
Most of the people live well, with nice houses and plenty to eat.
She lived a very peaceful life.
They lived their lives to the full.
She lived and died a single woman.
All she wanted was to get married and live happily ever after.
He was living quietly with his family.
He's now living a life of luxury in Australia.
She tried to live vicariously through her children.
They lived frugally off a diet of beans and lentils.
They'll have enough money to live comfortably.
Tonight she felt like living dangerously.
the need to live as harmoniously as possible with everyone else
This moment will live in our memory for many years to come.
Her words have lived with me all my life.
I don't want to be stuck in an office all my life—I want to live!
He’s been living on borrowed time ever since his last heart attack.
