Look closely and tell me what you see.
If you look carefully you can just see our house from here.
‘Has the mail come yet?’ ‘I'll look and see.’
Look! I'm sure that's Jennifer Lawrence!
Don't look now, but there's someone staring at you!
She looked at me and smiled.
I got up and looked out of the window.
She looked across to the other side of the room.
If you look carefully you can just see our house from here.
She looked at me and smiled.
to watch television
Watch what I do, then you try.
In the evening we went to see a movie.
People came from all over the world to view her work.
The patients were observed over a period of several months.
‘It's beautiful!’ ‘Oh! Let me look!’
He was looking down the road to see if the bus was coming.
He looked longingly at the food on the table.
He turned to look as she came down the stairs.
He was looking studiously down to avoid meeting her eyes.
She looked over to where the others were chatting.
What are you looking at?
She looked towards the door.
I looked in the mirror to see if my tie was straight.
It looks bad not going to your own brother's wedding.
He's had another heart attack; things are looking bad for him, I'm afraid.
This year's sales figures are looking good.
Now look here, it wasn't my fault.
Look how lazy we've become.
Be careful climbing that ladder. Look what happened last time.
Those looking for an enjoyable evening need look no further than the hotel's nightclub.
You're not looking yourself today (= you look tired or ill/sick).
Her first novel was published in 2007 and since then she hasn't looked back.
Where have you been? We've been looking for you.
Are you still looking for a job?
We’re looking for someone with experience for this post.
They are always looking for ways to save money.
I can't find my book—I've looked everywhere.
He inspected the room, looking for any possible clues.
I was just about to come looking for you.
I'm looking for an apartment on the east side of the city.
I've spent my whole life looking for an answer to that question!
Look carefully for signs of damp.
To look at him you'd never think he was nearly fifty.
Look at the time! We're going to be late.
Can't you look where you're going?
You look great!
The garden looks nice.
Don't worry—it looks worse than it is.
The film looks likely to offend many people.
That book looks interesting.
That looks like an interesting book.
It doesn't look like fun to me. 
You made me look a complete fool!
That looks an interesting book.
to look pale/​tired/​happy 
Four-time winners Ajax looked a shadow of their former great self.
That photograph doesn't look like her at all.
‘What does your cousin look like?’ ‘He's tall and thin with brown hair.’ 
You look as though you slept badly.
an animal that looked like a large hedgehog
She looks very like her sister.
It looks like rain (= it looks as if it's going to rain).
It doesn't look as if we'll be moving after all.
It looks to me as though the company is in real trouble.
They don’t look like they’re trying to win.
It looks to me like they have a plan.
It looks to me as though we may be in for another cliff-hanger.
It looks to me as if the whole US press missed the story. 
It doesn't look like we'll be moving after all.
The house looks east.
The hotel looks out over the harbour.
The kitchen looks onto the garden.
‘Can I help you?’ ‘I'm just looking, thank you.’
The government is looking to reduce inflation.
