I've lost my keys.
The tickets seem to have got lost.
She lost her husband in the crowd.
We've lost Alfie—is he with you?
Here, tie it round your neck so you don't lose it.
If your card is lost or stolen, inform your bank immediately.
We managed to lose our pursuers in the darkness.
We lost twenty minutes changing a tyre.
Hurry—there's no time to lose!
He lost no time in setting out for London.
This clock loses two minutes a day.
Then she just lost it and started screaming.
She lost a leg in a car crash.
Some families lost everything (= all they owned) in the flood.
She lost her baby (= had a miscarriage) three months into the pregnancy.
They lost both their sons (= they were killed) in the war.
The ship was lost at sea (= it sank).
Many people lost their lives (= were killed).
He's lost his job.
You will lose your deposit if you cancel the order.
Sit down or you'll lose your seat.
The government has lost control of the city.
We cannot afford to lose any more senior members of staff.
The average business loses 20 per cent of its customers every year. 
You risk losing your house if you do not keep up the payments.
The company has lost a lot of business to its competitors.
to lose your hair/teeth
to lose your sight/eyesight/hearing/memory 
There's new hope for people trying to lose weight. 
I've lost ten pounds since I started this diet.
She seemed to have lost interest in food.
to lose faith/confidence
He lost his nerve at the last minute.
At that moment he lost his balance and fell.
The train was losing speed.
He never lost the ability to make people laugh. 
So far they haven't lost a game.
to lose a race/an election/a battle/a war
We lost to a stronger team.
He lost by less than 100 votes.
We lost the game by three points.
They lost on penalties to (= because they scored fewer penalties than) Spain.
Many believe the incident lost them the election.
The visiting side lost to the home team.
There was really no shame in losing to Norton at that stage of his career.
This is a game that Lazio cannot afford to lose.
We lost against Albyn College.
We lost by five goals to two.
They deserved to lose.
Win or lose, the important thing is to remain calm.
The South lost the war.
He yesterday lost his appeal against a six-month ban.
She resigned as party leader after they lost the election.
The business is losing money.
Poetry always loses something in translation.
You have nothing to lose by telling the truth.
What do we lose by working with them?
We lost on that deal.
The company stands to lose financially if this deal falls through.
His carelessness lost him the job.
His words were lost (= could not be heard) in the applause.
I'm afraid you've lost me there.
