to make a table/dress/cake
to make bread/cement/paper
She makes her own clothes.
How do you make that dish with the peppers and olives in it?
made in France (= on a label)
What's your shirt made of?
Traditional Japanese houses were made of wood. 
What's your shirt made out of?
Wine is made from grapes.
The grapes are made into wine.
She made coffee for us all.
She made us all coffee.
Let me do the dishes.
Michael said he would do the kitchen floor.
It’s your turn to do the table.
to do the shopping/​cleaning/​ironing/​vacuuming.
He makes a great lasagne.
I’ll make breakfast while you’re having a shower.
Can you get dinner while I put the kids to bed?
Sit down—I’ll fix supper for you.
They made me repeat the whole story.
She must be made to comply with the rules.
He never cleans his room and his mother never tries to make him.
His snoring was so bad, she made him sleep on the sofa downstairs.
Mum makes us eat lots of vegetables.
We were made to work very hard.
You've made my nose too big (= for example in a drawing).
He makes King Lear a truly tragic figure.
She made him her assistant.
She would have made an excellent teacher.
This room would make a nice office.
5 and 7 make 12.
A hundred cents make one euro.
That makes the third time he's failed his driving test!
She makes $100 000 a year.
to make a profit/loss
We need to think of ways to make money.
He made a fortune on the stock market.
He makes a living as a stand-up comic.
A movie with big name stars in it should make money.
Did they make any money out of their invention?
She sold her foreign investments last month and made $75 000.
The company is making a loss on its children's range.
There's money to be made from tourism.
You won't make much money as a shop assistant.
What time do you make it?
I make that exactly $50.
Do you think we'll make Dover by 12?
I'm sorry I couldn't make your party last night.
He'll never make (= get a place in) the team.
The story made (= appeared on) the front pages of the national newspapers.
We just managed to make the deadline (= to finish something in time).
Bob made the airport in less than forty minutes.
The climber was the first woman to make the summit.
Good wine can make a meal.
The news really made my day.
These regulations were made to protect children.
My lawyer has been urging me to make a will.
She has made (= directed or acted in) several movies.
It is possible to make a hypothesis on the basis of this graph.
The Environment Secretary is to make a statement on Tuesday. 
He made as if to speak.
We were in a hurry so we had to make do with a quick snack.
She promised to make good the damage.
He never really made it as an actor.
The flight leaves in twenty minutes—we'll never make it.
I'm sorry I won't be able to make it (= for example, to a party) on Saturday.
The doctors think he's going to make it.
I don't know how I made it through the week.
The stone made a dent in the roof of the car.
The holes in the cloth were made by moths.
He makes like he's the greatest actor of all time.
It's my first trip abroad so I'm going to make the most of it.
She doesn't know how to make the most of herself (= make herself appear in the best possible way).
He always makes much of his humble origins.
This movie will make or break him as a director.
It's make-or-break time for the company.
I wanted to study hard and really make something of myself.
to make a noise/mess/fuss
She tried to make a good impression on the interviewer.
I keep making the same mistakes.
She makes her own clothes.
She made a good impression on the interviewer.
He did a beautiful drawing of a house.
Who’s doing the food for the party?
Scientists disagree about how the universe was created.
to develop new software
a factory that produces microchips
to generate electricity
Brainstorming is a good way of generating ideas.
Rearrange the letters to form a new word.
The chain is formed from 136 links.
The news made him very happy.
She made her objections clear.
Technology promises to make our lives easier. 
He made it clear that he objected.
The full story was never made public.
Can you make yourself understood in Russian?
She couldn't make herself heard above the noise of the traffic.
The terrorists made it known that tourists would be targeted.
The company may make targets difficult or impossible to achieve.
Technology has made it possible to move many jobs away from high-cost locations. 
She always makes me laugh.
This dress makes me look fat.
What makes you say that (= why do you think so)?
Nothing will make me change my mind.
We were made to feel extremely welcome.
This does serve to make you question some fundamentals.
Smokers are often made to feel like social outcasts.
Politeness made her go back to see him.
What made you think he was guilty?
What made you go down to the beach so late last night?
What he said certainly made us all think.
This isn't very important—I don't want to make an issue of it.
Don't make a habit of it.
You've made a terrible mess of this job.
It's important to try and make something of (= achieve something in) your life.
We'll make a tennis player of you yet.
I made painting the house my project for the summer.
She made it her business to find out who was responsible.
These improvements will make the city a better place to live.
She 's made her firm a success.
Come on! It's time we made a start.
The plane was forced to make an emergency landing because of bad weather.
