What does this sentence mean?
What does ‘lark’ mean?
 The word ‘Kuching’ means ‘cat’ in Malay.
Many languages use a single word to mean both music and dance.
What is meant by ‘batch processing’?
‘Parcours’ is a French word meaning the route or the journey.
‘Zavod’ is usually translated as ‘The Iron Foundry’, though the word means simply ‘factory’ or ‘work’.
He has the look of a man who means business.
He says he's going to make changes, and I think he means business.
I mean to say, you should have known how he would react!
Do you mean to say you've lost it?
What do we mean by democracy?
Does the name ‘Jos Vos’ mean anything to you (= do you know who he is)?
The flashing light means (that) you must stop.
The Olympics have come to mean a wide variety of things.
 Convenience means different things to different customers.
Too often impressionism is taken to mean gazing through a soft-focus lens.
What did he mean by that remark?
‘Perhaps we should try another approach.’ ‘What do you mean? (= I don't understand what you are suggesting.)’
‘What's that supposed to mean?’ demanded John.
What do you mean, you thought I wouldn't mind? (= of course I mind and I am very angry)
What she means is that there's no point in waiting here.
I always found him a little strange, if you know what I mean (= if you understand what I mean by ‘strange’).
I know what you mean (= I understand and feel sympathy). I hated learning to drive too.
It was like—weird. Know what I mean?
I see what you mean (= I understand although I may not agree), but I still think it's worth trying.
See what I mean (= I was right and this proves it, doesn't it)? She never agrees to anything I suggest.
‘But Pete doesn't know we're here!’ ‘That's what I mean! (= that's what I have been trying to tell you.)’
Do you mean Ann Smith or Mary Smith?
Did he mean (that) he was dissatisfied with our service?
You mean (= are you telling me) we have to start all over again?
Some poems are mnemonics, i.e. they are designed to help you remember something.
Some poems are mnemonics, that is to say, they are designed to help you remember something.
Mnemonic poems, that is poems designed to help you remember something, are an excellent way to learn lists. 
A limerick’s rhyme scheme is A–A–B–B–A. In other words, the first, second, and fifth lines all rhyme with one another, while the third and fourth lines have their own rhyme.
In this exercise the reader is encouraged to work out the meaning, or rather the range of meanings, of the poem.
This is a poem about death, or, more precisely, dying.
He says his poems deal with ‘the big issues’, by which he means love, loss, grief and death.
I'll be there at five fifteen, I mean five fifty—ten to six.
It'll be Tuesday—sorry, I meant to say Thursday.
Sorry, what I mean is, we need two handouts per person.
We can meet in the conference centre—or rather in front of the centre.
The painter—or should I say, the sculptor—was born in Padua.
It's one t and double s—no, sorry, one s and double t.
It's on the fifth floor—no, actually, it's the fourth.
Can I get two lattes and an espresso—no, scratch that—three lattes?
There are three items on tonight's agenda. Correction, four items.
What did she mean by leaving so early (= why did she do it)?
Don't laugh! I mean it (= I am serious).
He means trouble (= to cause trouble).
Don't be upset—I'm sure she meant it as a compliment.
He means what he says (= is not joking, exaggerating, etc.).
The chair was clearly meant for a child.
Don't be angry. I'm sure she meant it for the best (= intended to be helpful).
She means to succeed.
I'm sorry I hurt you. I didn't mean to.
I'm feeling very guilty—I've been meaning to call my parents for days, but still haven't got around to it.
I didn't mean you to read the letter.
You're meant to (= you are supposed to) pay before you go in.
I never meant (that) you should come alone.
What do you mean by that?
I didn't mean to read your letter.
The house was clearly meant to be a family home.
There was a rack by the door presumably meant for umbrellas.
They are not using the system in the way the manufacturer meant it to be used.
Spending too much now will mean a shortage of cash next year.
Being frugal doesn't necessarily mean doing without.
 Lower energy consumption means less pollution.
Touching the wires means instant death.
Do you have any idea what it means to be poor?
We’ll have to be careful with money but that doesn’t mean (that) we can’t enjoy ourselves.
This new order will mean working overtime.
The injury could mean him missing next week's game.
High unemployment means people are spending less.
Mr President, does this mean an end to the current conflict?
The cost would have meant financial ruin for us.
 Good civic planning means more green space.
Rural life meant having to draw water from a well every day.
Your friendship means a great deal to me.
$20 means a lot (= represents a lot of money) when you live on $100 a week.
Money means nothing to him.
Her children mean the world to her.
I was never meant for the army (= did not have the qualities needed to become a soldier).
Duncan and Makiko were meant for each other (= are very suitable as partners).
His father meant him to be an engineer.
She did everything to get the two of them together, but I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
This restaurant is meant to be excellent.
It was so boring—I mean, nothing happened for the first hour!
She's English—Scottish, I mean.
