Maybe we'll meet again some time.
Did you meet anyone in town?
I've never met anyone like her.
A year or so later I happened to meet him again.
I hope we'll meet again soon.
The curtains don't meet in the middle.
That's where the river meets the sea.
His hand met hers.
The cost will be met by the company.
Many families on these estates are struggling to meet their financial commitments.
The company will meet the cost of the journey.
The school had to sell off its playing fields to meet its debt repayments.
He thought he could beat anyone at chess but he’s met his match in Peter.
I think he's finally met his match in Lisa.
She knew she had met her match and tried to retreat.
Many families struggle to make ends meet.
She was afraid to meet my eye.
Their eyes met across the crowded room.
She met his gaze without flinching.
A terrible sight met their eyes.
If he was prepared to apologize, the least she could do was meet him halfway and accept some of the blame.
The committee meets on Fridays.
The Prime Minister met other European leaders for talks.
The President met with senior White House aides.
The evening gave collectors the opportunity to meet with leading art dealers.
They met to discuss the project while both were in Paris. 
Here's where the rubber meets the road: will consumers actually buy the product?
The town needs a space where young people can meet.
Let's meet for a drink after work.
We're meeting them outside the theatre at 7.
I met a friend for a walk round the lake.
The three sisters rarely meet in person, but spend hours on the phone.
We met the next day at a local bar.
I arranged to meet her for lunch.
Will you meet me at the airport?
The hotel bus meets all incoming flights.
I met him off the train.
I won't have any meat, thank you—I'm a vegetarian.
I'll meet you at the station when your train gets in.
I don't think we've met.
Where did you first meet your husband?
Pleased to meet you (= when you first meet somebody).
Nice meeting you (= when you leave somebody after meeting them for the first time).
There's someone I want you to meet.
Have you met Miranda?
I love meeting people.
When these two finally met, the connection was electric.
the place where they had first met
an interactive site where people can meet online
Jasper Johns worked at various jobs before meeting Rauschenberg in 1954. 
How can we best meet the needs of all the different groups?
The airport must be expanded to meet demand.
He had failed to meet his performance targets.
to meet a challenge/goal
The oil industry is working to meet clean air requirements.
Patients were included in the study if they met the following criteria.
50% of the candidates failed to meet the standard required.
Until these conditions are met, we cannot proceed with the sale.
I can't possibly meet that deadline.
California faces a further round of rolling blackouts today as the state struggles to meet demand for electrical power. 
The workforce work extremely hard to ensure all boats meet the exacting demands of the customer. 
Local authorities also have an important role to play in meeting the rural housing challenge. 
It's not a matter of meeting a short-term financial goal. 
Smith and Jones met in last year's final.
Smith met Jones in last year's final.
Others have met similar problems.
How she met her death will probably never be known.
They were determined to meet the challenge head-on.
The announcement was met by loud boos from fans.
