I don't mind the cold—it's the rain I don't like.
I hope you don't mind the noise.
He wouldn't have minded so much if she'd told him the truth.
Did she mind about not getting the job?
Did she mind not getting the job?
Do your parents mind you leaving home?
Do your parents mind your leaving home?
She never minded how hot it was.
He minded that he hadn't been asked.
His parents didn't seem to mind that he dropped out of college.
I didn't mind about the money.
I don't mind at all telling people my age.
I hope you don't mind the noise.
I wouldn't have minded so much if you hadn't lied about it.
‘Cup of tea, Brian?’ ‘I don't mind if I do.’
I'd like to ask you a few questions, if you don't mind.
Can you read that form carefully, if you wouldn't mind, and then sign it.
I give the orders around here, if you don't mind.
‘Will you come with us tonight?’ ‘I won't, if you don't mind—I've got a lot of work to do.’
That colour doesn't really suit you, if you don't mind my saying so.
I wouldn't mind a cup of coffee, if it's no trouble.
I wouldn't mind having his money!
Watch your language, young man!
The referee told the players to mind their language.
‘What are you reading?’ ‘Mind your own business!’
I was just sitting there, minding my own business, when a man started shouting at me.
Who's minding the shop while the boss is abroad?
Do you mind if I open the window?
Are you married, if you don't mind me asking?
Are you married, if you don't mind my asking?
Would you mind explaining that again, please?
Do you mind driving? I'm feeling pretty tired.
Would you mind terribly if I went on my own?
Could you possibly help me?
I wonder if you could give me a hand?
Would you mind opening the door for me?
I wonder if you'd mind taking a picture of us?
Could I ask you to keep an eye on my luggage for a moment?
Yes, of course.
I'm sorry, I'm in a hurry.
Sure.
Would you mind if I opened the window?
Could I possibly borrow your phone?
I hate to ask, but could I please borrow your phone?
Do you happen to have a pair of gloves I could borrow for the evening?
Would it be all right if I left five minutes early?
Is there any chance that we could stay at your house the night before our flight?
Would it be OK to leave my bag here?
Yes, of course.
Go ahead.
That's fine.
I'd rather you didn't, if you don't mind.
I'd prefer it if you asked somebody else.
If there's someone else you can ask, I'd be grateful.
You’d better watch your step with him if you don’t want trouble.
I've heard they're getting divorced. Mind you, I'm not surprised—they were always arguing.
Have you broken it? Never mind, we can buy another one.
This isn't where I intended to take you—but never mind, it's just as good.
I never thought she'd win once, never mind twice!
Never mind your car—what about the damage to my fence?
Never mind washing the dishes—I'll do them later.
The big house is a status symbol—never mind the fact that most of the rooms will be empty.
‘Who told you about it?’ ‘Never you mind!’
Never you mind how I found out—it's true, isn't it?
‘Would you like tea or coffee?’ ‘I don't mind—either's fine.’
Don't mind her—she didn't mean what she said.
Don't mind me (= don't let me disturb you)—I'll just sit here quietly.
Nobody really minded much about what happened to them.
No, I don't mind a bit.
I don't mind helping if you can't find anyone else.
They had thought the boys wouldn't mind sharing; as it turned out, they minded bitterly.
Mind (= Don't fall on) that step!
Mind your head! (= for example, be careful you don't hit it on a low ceiling)
Mind your language! (= don't speak in a rude or offensive way)
Mind how you go! (= often used when you say goodbye to somebody)
Mind where you're treading!
Mind you don't cut yourself—that knife's very sharp.
You must be home for dinner, mind.
And the moral of the story is: always mind your mother!
Who's minding the children this evening?
Could you mind my bags for a moment?
Do you mind? I was here before you.
I was scared, I don't mind telling you!
