If I don't leave now I'll miss my plane.
Sorry I'm late—have I missed anything?
‘Is Ann there?’ ‘You've just missed her (= she has just left).’
You'd better hurry—you don't want to miss the bus.
 If you miss the deadline, you'll have to pay a fine.
If you go now you should miss the crowds.
He fell and just missed knocking the whole display over.
My heart missed a beat when I saw who it was.
He blushed furiously and Robyn knew she had hit the mark.
The film misses the mark because it just isn't believable.
If you don't buy now, you may find that you've missed the boat.
Unless I miss my guess, your computer needs a new hard drive.
If you miss your guess, you lose 10 points.
She hasn't missed a game all year.
You missed a good party last night (= because you did not go).
‘Are you coming to the school play?’ ‘I wouldn't miss it for the world.’
You can't afford to miss meals (= not eat meals) when you're in training.
You have to miss a turn (= to not play when it is your turn in a game).
The sale prices were too good to miss.
It was an opportunity not to be missed.
She missed the opportunity to take part.
Jackson never missed a chance to serve as teacher and mentor.
The film is a real missed opportunity—it could have been so much better.
How many goals has he missed this season?
The bullet missed her by about six inches.
It was a joke that missed its target.
The company has missed all its targets this year.
She threw a plate at him and only narrowly missed.
She narrowly missed hitting him.
She attempted to hit the ball but missed badly.
Vidal missed a penalty in stoppage time.
The bullet missed his head by only a few inches.
The bullet somehow missed his heart.
The plane crashed, narrowly missing a hotel.
The hotel is the only white building on the road—you can't miss it.
Don't miss next week's issue!
I missed her name.
No one will want to miss this film.
Your mother will know who's moved in—she doesn't miss much.
When you painted your bedroom, you missed a bit (= of the wall) under the window.
He completely missed the joke.
You're missing the point (= failing to understand the main part) of what I'm saying.
I think I must have missed something because none of this makes any sense.
I still miss her a lot.
Your father misses you dreadfully.
She will be greatly missed when she leaves.
Anne, who died on 22 July, will be sadly missed by all who knew her.
What did you miss most when you were in France?
I'm really going to miss Cheri's cooking.
I don't miss getting up at six every morning!
He missed his daughter when she left home.
They could barely see each other through the thick mist.
My glasses mist up every time I open the oven door!
When did you first miss the necklace?
Let’s go for a quick drink—nobody will miss us.
We seem to be missing some students this morning.
