Don't move—stay perfectly still.
The bus was already moving when I jumped onto it.
The ball was really moving (= moving fast) when it reached him.
He could hear someone moving around in the room above.
Phil moved towards the window.
You can hardly move in this pub on Saturdays (= because it is so crowded).
You can't move for books in her room.
Temperatures will drop as the cold front moves down across France.
I can't move my fingers.
We moved our chairs a little nearer.
She moved the ball toward the opponent's goal.
 He moved his arm away from his face.
Over a million people move around this city daily.
Investors can move money into foreign bonds when the dollar is weak.
Black clouds moved across the sky.
Can you move down the steps?
Move your chairs a little closer.
Someone had moved the bike from where I left it.
The papers on his desk had been moved.
We moved a little nearer.
The traffic moved slowly along the highway.
She felt moved to address the crowd.
He works when the spirit moves him (= when he wants to).
Like many adolescents he was moved to write poetry.
‘Certainly not!’ he was moved to protest.
As the delays got worse he was moved to make a mild complaint.
How quickly can we move this stock?
These copies are moving fast—they'll soon be sold out.
The Opposition moved an amendment to the Bill.
I move that a vote be taken on this.
If you get your ass in gear, we can make it out of here tonight.
It's late—we'd better get moving.
The new director has really got things moving.
We have a very solid financial position going forward.
The strategy going forward is still undecided.
Moving forward, we need to have a real plan.
Many complained that the Royal Family had failed to move with the times.
If you move your ass, we can make it out of here tonight.
We don't like it here so we've decided to move.
The company's moving to Scotland.
People move from place to place today in ever greater numbers.
She's been all on her own since her daughter moved away.
We moved house last week.
In 1905 his family moved to Milan, where he studied sculpture.
There are a lot more people moving across borders.
They've moved house three times in the past year.
We moved here in 2003.
Moving can be an extremely stressful experience.
All her family have moved away so she's on her own.
He worked as a sales rep before moving to the marketing department.
Move it! We’re going to be late!
The director moved mountains to remake this classic film.
I'm being moved to the New York office.
He's recently been moved from our Head Office.
We've decided to move her into the Accounts Department.
Several major industries have been moved from the north to the south of the country.
It's your turn to move.
She moved her queen.
Let's move—it's time we went shopping.
The government has not moved on this issue.
Things have moved on a lot since the days when I was young.
Let's move the meeting to Wednesday.
Time is moving on.
Share prices moved ahead today.
After that, things moved forward at lightning speed
Things are not moving as fast as we hoped.
Things certainly move fast in the blogosphere.
Finally things are moving in the right direction.
The police moved quickly to dispel the rumours.
The firm has moved to reassure customers that they will continue to provide good service.
Can you explain your actions?
Tougher measures against racism are needed.
This was a first step towards a united Europe.
an act of kindness
They are waiting for the results of the opinion polls before deciding their next move.
We were deeply moved by her plight.
Grown men were moved to tears at the horrific scenes.
I am really moved by people's kindness.
The film moved me so much, I started to weep.
The woman's story had really moved her.
