Breakfast is served between 7 and 10 a.m.
When do you stop serving hot food?
Pour the sauce over the pasta and serve immediately.
Shall I serve?
Serve the lamb with new potatoes and green beans.
They served a wonderful meal to more than fifty delegates.
The delegates were served with a wonderful meal.
She served us a delicious lunch.
The quiche can be served hot or cold.
Cover and chill the salad until ready to serve.
Serve chilled.
Serve with rice or potatoes.
to serve a writ/summons on somebody
to serve somebody with a writ/summons
Who's serving?
She served an ace.
This device can pull double duty as a decent laptop and an adequate tablet.
She deserves credit for serving double duty as a host and performer.
Tickets are available on a first come, first served basis.
Left you, did she? It serves you right for being so selfish.
This dish will serve four hungry people.
Are you being served?
The bar staff spend more time chatting to friends than serving customers.
She was serving behind the counter.
These experiments serve no useful purpose.
Most of their economic policies serve the interests of big business.
How can we best serve the needs of future generations?
Art serves an important function in our society.
His linguistic ability served him well in his chosen profession.
This old car has served me very well.
The story would be better served by slowing down a little.
The centre will serve the whole community.
The town is well served with buses and major road links.
He served as a captain in the army.
She was elected to serve as secretary of the local party.
to serve as president/director/chairman
He served under Tony Blair in the 1990s.
She served in the medical corps.
His father served with distinction in the First World War.
He proudly served his country during the war.
I wanted to work somewhere where I could serve the community.
She has already served two terms as mayor.
He served a one-year apprenticeship.
He served the family faithfully for many years (= as a servant).
Have you ever served on a jury?
I currently serve on the Board of Directors.
He served on active duty in the US Marine Corps.
He served with distinction in the First World War.
She served in the US military for six years.
I shall continue to serve as a trustee.
She has served in an advisory capacity for a number of groups.
The sofa will serve as a bed for a night or two.
The Declaration served primarily as a propaganda piece.
The texts ultimately serve as springboards for the artists' imagination.
The first chapter serves as a useful introduction to the subject.
The judge said the punishment would serve as a warning to others.
The highly visible ruins serve as a reminder of the building's history.
There are several women in the field who have served as role models.
The attack was unsuccessful and served only to alert the enemy.
This only served to complicate the situation further.
prisoners serving life sentences
She is serving two years for theft.
He has served time (= been to prison) before.
