Have you set the alarm clock?
She set the camera on automatic.
I set my watch by (= make it show the same time as) the TV.
Set the alarm for 7 o'clock.
We sat and watched the sun setting.
She had the sapphire set in a gold ring.
Her bracelet was set with emeralds.
Leave the concrete to set for a few hours.
The glue had set hard.
Her jaw was set in a determined manner.
She had her hair washed and set.
The surgeon set her broken arm.
Schubert set many poems to music.
Can you help me set the table?
Could you set the table for dinner?
The table was set for six guests.
This could set a new fashion.
They set high standards of customer service.
I am unwilling to set a precedent.
She set a new world record for the high jump.
I rely on you to set a good example.
The opening scene sets the tone for the rest of the movie.
Who will be setting (= writing the questions for) the French exam?
The government has set a growth target of 6%.
What books have been set (= are to be studied) for the English course?
She's set a difficult task for herself.
He likes to set challenging goals for himself.
She's set herself a difficult task.
I've set myself to finish the job by the end of the month.
They haven't set a date for their wedding yet.
The government has set strict limits on public spending this year.
We can't just let the global corporations set the agenda (= decide what is important) every time.
Set a time limit for your studying each night.
Individual countries don't really set the price of oil.
The novel is set in London in the 1960s.
The movie is set in Los Angeles in the year 2019.
This powerful drama is set against the backdrop of the Civil War.
The house is set in fifty acres of parkland.
She set a tray down on the table.
They ate everything that was set in front of them.
When she fell he picked her up and set her on her feet again.
Her manner immediately set everyone at their ease.
He pulled the lever and set the machine in motion.
The new leader has set the party on the road to success.
Demonstrators set two cars on fire.
Demonstrators set fire to two cars.
The hijackers set the hostages free.
Her remarks set me thinking.
