The whole house shakes when a train goes past.
Shake the bottle well before use.
The explosion shook windows miles from the site.
She shook him by the shoulders.
He knelt and gently shook her awake.
She shook her hair loose.
The ground began to shake.
He shook the blankets vigorously to get rid of the dust.
Shake the pan gently to settle the contents.
She must have shaken the baby quite violently to inflict such severe injuries.
I can't seem to shake off this cold.
She has finally managed to shake off her old wrist injury.
He couldn't shake the feeling that there was something wrong.
She never seemed to completely shake off the dumb blonde image.
This issue has shaken the foundations of French politics.
an event which rocked the foundations of British politics
The scandal rocked the legal establishment to its foundations.
She bent down to shake a pebble out of her shoe.
His father used to come home and shake the dust off his work clothes.
He stood up, shaking sand everywhere.
Do people in Italy shake hands when they meet?
She refused to shake hands with him.
He stepped forward and shook my hand.
Our host shook each of us warmly by the hand.
They shook hands on the deal (= to show that they had reached an agreement).
They shook on the deal (= shook hands to show the deal was agreed).
Let's shake on it.
The captains shook hands before the game commenced.
If I met him I'd shake him by the hand and congratulate him.
‘Drink?’ he offered. She shook her head.
The old man watched them walk off into the night, shaking his head sadly.
She shook her head in disbelief.
He shook his head at the thought.
The man shook his fist at the court after he was sentenced.
Her hands had started to shake.
He was shaking with fear.
He saw his mother turn away, her shoulders shaking with laughter.
His whole body shook with rage.
I was shaking like a leaf.
He was almost shaking with the intensity of what he was saying.
He was crying and shaking all over.
I found myself shaking uncontrollably with cold.
I just couldn't stop shaking.
I was numb with dread. I was literally shaking.
Roxy was practically shaking with anger.
Natalie fairly shook with laughter.
She got up, her legs shaking as well as her hands. 
‘Who are you?’ he asked, his voice shaking.
Her voice shook with emotion.
He was badly shaken by the news of her death.
The accident really shook her up.
Shaken up by the early goal against them, the team began to fight back.
The incident had shaken her faith in him.
This announcement is bound to shake the confidence of the industry.
