Don't shoot—I surrender.
The police rarely shoot to kill (= try to kill the people they shoot at).
The soldiers were given orders to shoot on sight (= as soon as they saw somebody).
troops shooting at the enemy
Have you ever shot a gun before?
They shot the lock off (= removed it by shooting).
She shot a bullet right at me but missed.
He shot an arrow from his bow.
The laundry chute leads down to the washer-dryer area in the basement.
The recruits are learning to shoot at targets.
She posed for the cameras as though for a fashion shoot.
I thought for a moment that he was going to shoot.
She practised for days until she could shoot straight.
If they shoot, we shoot back.
The soldiers shot back at invading planes with rifles.
The soldiers were shooting at a target.
They began shooting at the enemy.
Troops shot into the air to stop the rioting.
a shoot-to-kill policy
She shot a 75 in the first round.
to shoot pool
What do you mean you can't do it? It'll be like shooting fish in a barrel!
We sat around in the bar, shooting the breeze.
The gang decided to shoot it out with the police.
Don't shoot the messenger!
He shot himself during a fit of depression.
He was left brain-damaged after being shot in the head.
They were shot in the back while trying to escape.
A man was shot in the leg.
In the struggle the burglar was shot with his own gun.
Four policemen were fatally shot during the incident.
Three people were shot dead during the robbery.
Forty people a day are shot and killed in this country.
She was shot to death for a crime she did not commit.
Any intruders will be shot on sight.
He accidentally shot himself in the foot.
If caught, the men could be summarily shot as spies.
He was shot at close range.
He shot to fame almost overnight.
She shot to stardom in a Broadway musical.
Does this gun actually shoot?
This is just a toy gun—it doesn't shoot real bullets.
to shoot pheasants
They go shooting in Scotland.
Cameras ready? OK, shoot!
to shoot a film/video/scene
The film crew returned to the area to shoot more footage.
I managed to shoot a photo of the elephants before they disappeared into the trees.
Where was the movie shot?
The movie was shot in black and white.
The film is beautifully shot and edited. 
The film was shot on location in Death Valley.
A plane shot across the sky.
Her hand shot out to grab my wrist.
Flames were shooting up through the roof.
The band's last single shot straight to number one in the charts.
She shot out her hand to grab my wrist.
A cat shot out into the road in front of him.
I saw someone shooting past the window.
a shooting pain in the back
The pain shot up her arm.
Journalists were shooting questions at the candidates.
She shot an angry glance at him.
She shot him an angry glance.
Darren shot her a filthy look.
He should have shot instead of passing.
Marta shot wide (= missed the goal), but scored minutes later.
After school we'd be on the driveway shooting hoops (= playing basketball).
