The figures clearly show that her claims are false.
The government's popularity is declining, as the polls show.
Our research showed us that women were more interested in their health than men. 
The report showed an increase in sales.
Studies show a link between cancer and processed meats.
His new book shows him to be a first-rate storyteller.
Tax records show Shakespeare living near the Globe Theatre in 1599.
This shows how people are influenced by TV advertisements.
History has shown us how dangerous nationalism can be.
This bar chart illustrates how many journeys people made on public transport over a three-month period.
This table compares bus, train, and taxi use between April and June.
The results are shown in the chart below.
In this pie chart, the survey results are broken down by age.
This pie chart breaks down the survey results by age.
As can be seen from these results, younger people use buses more than older people.
According to these figures, bus travel accounts for 60 per cent of public transport use.
From the data in the above graph, it is apparent that buses are the most widely used form of public transport.
The survey showed that 58% of Britons were against the change.
Statistics show that close to half of all antibiotics used are employed in agriculture.
A public consultation appeared to show that most of the UK population oppose GM crops.
The study showed the effects of the drug on the brain.
There is no evidence to show that this is the case.
Records show he was born in Poland in 1857.
What the results show is that the more herbicide farmers use on crops, the worse it is for wild plants and animals.
The telecoms company has 11.8 million customers, data shows.
“We will show people that organic is best,” he said.
Field tests have shown good results.
Research has not shown any consistent difference in effectiveness of the two treatments.
Records show a message being sent at 12:38.
Records show a message to have been sent at 12:38.
Experience shows us what can happen when resentment is allowed to build up.
The map shows the principal towns and rivers.
The clock showed midnight.
The end-of-year accounts show a loss.
The flow chart shows how resources are allocated.
a map showing the coastline
The data showed a 14 per cent growth.
The rain gauge showed 2.5 inches.
The scale showed 63 kilograms.
My watch was showing the time as 3:33.
Figure 4 shows the costs for each option.
The response curves are shown in Fig. 1.
The graph shows two peak levels of risk.
The table shows how many participants in each of the five samples used the internet.
They brought in maps showing what the regional council proposed.
The photographs clearly show a broken window.
She had objected to a photo showing her in a bikini.
This picture shows my mother as a young woman.
The painting shows St George slaying the dragon.
What does this image show?
The picture shows a column of black smoke coming from the building.
Satellite photographs showed some sort of industrial facility.
The vase shows a hunting scene.
Her works typically show solitary women.
old cine film showing the family on holiday
This photo shows them on their honeymoon in Cornwall.
The picture shows him as a baby.
The footage appeared to show her entering the store on the night of the attack.
objects from antiquity that show people working on the land
This painting shows him slightly older.
The movie is now showing at all major movie theaters.
The documentary will be shown on Sunday night.
She plans to show her paintings early next year.
a guide to what's showing at your local cinema
Most TV channels showed highlights of the games.
News programmes all over the world showed the clip.
There weren't many places showing independent films.
The film was shown for the first time at Sundance Festival.
The movie is being shown now.
This is a repeat of a programme first shown in April.
The series will be shown on Channel 4 next month.
He showed his paintings with some success in Warsaw in 1905.
The works shown were too abstract for local tastes.
a chance for students to show their work in public
They think I can't do it, but I'll show them!
He has shown himself to be a caring father.
I'm giving him a chance to show what he can do.
I waited an hour but he didn't show.
What if nobody shows?
Only about 20 people showed.
We watched the horses going through their paces.
The British team showed its paces during a training session in the hotel pool.
It just goes to show what you can do when you really try.
You have to show your ticket as you go in.
If there's a letter from France please show it to me.
Have you shown your work to anyone?
Have you shown anyone your work?
We were shown a training video.
Anyone picking up a parcel has to show ID.
You may be required to show proof of age.
The police officer showed his badge.
We want to show our product to the consumer.
She showed her new toy to her friends.
I showed my press pass to the woman on the door.
Come out and show yourselves!
I want a dress that won't show too much of my arms.
He wore a mask that showed only his eyes.
She did not want her face shown.
Show me your hand—it looks sore.
Don't let anyone in unless they show you their card.
Show mummy your picture.
They showed us their holiday photos.
We showed him the film and he said it was good.
Students were shown a video and then asked questions.
She stayed at home, afraid to show her face.
All those years of hard work, and nothing to show for it!
She showed the technique to her students.
She showed her students the technique.
In my book I showed a method which is very quick and easy.
Glue the sticks to the paper as shown in Figure 37.
Can you show me how to do it?
The diagram shows how to assemble the shelves. 
We can show you various ways to improve the heating efficiency of your home.
They are showing kids a different way to make music.
This chapter shows several basic techniques.
I'm going to show you some simple recipes.
Lee was happy to show her how it should be done.
This is a book that shows, using examples, how blogs should be written.
This session is designed to show how to use the basic printer functions.
We will show you what to do in the event of an emergency.
She just needs to be shown what to do.
The course shows what to do when organising large events.
He showed me our location on the map.
Show me which picture you drew.
Show me which one is you in this photo.
The doctor asked him to show her where on his body it hurt.
Can you show me where your school is on this map? 
Show me which one you like best.
Show me who's the man you saw.
I showed her some differences between the two photographs.
The attendant showed us to our seats.
The candidates were shown in.
I'll go first and show you the way.
It’s too far to walk—I’ll take you by car.
Firefighters led the survivors to safety.
The president arrived, escorted by twelve bodyguards.
My mother drove us to the airport.
The attendant showed us to our seats.
He always walked her home.
Have you walked the dog yet today?
She guided us through the busy streets.
We were guided around the museums.
She ushered her guests to their seats.
A young woman directed them to the station.
‘There's a Mr Smith here to see you.’ ‘Show him in.’
We were shown into the waiting room.
Could you show this gentleman the way to the conference hall, please?
I'll show you to your table.
We were shown to our room by the porter.
He showed me up to the guest room.
Aren't you going to show your friend out?
They showed their guests out by the back door.
The guide showed us through a succession of splendid rooms.
to show great courage
He has shown his commitment to his art.
She wants to show the world her ability.
She had shown herself unable to deal with money.
You have shown yourself a master tactician.
He has shown himself to be ready to make compromises.
He has shown that he is ready to make compromises.
He failed to show any great acting skills.
He has shown himself worthy of the trust placed in him.
By doing this you risk showing yourself to be an outsider.
He has shown himself to be one of those critics who ignores context.
If you publish an article, you'll show yourself to be a credible expert. 
We wanted to show that we could live simply.
You've clearly shown that you can't be trusted.
She's shown us all that she can rise to a challenge.
She has shown everyone her talent.
I want to show people that I'm serious about this.
I wanted to be there to show support.
They showed no respect for their parents.
They showed their parents no respect.
They have shown us nothing but kindness.
We want to show support to young artists making their way.
Nobody showed any sympathy for my situation.
He pleaded with them to show mercy.
They showed the prisoners no mercy.
I think they could show a bit more empathy in the way they deal with this.
He was appalled at the lack of courtesy shown by staff who failed to respond to emails.
Fear showed in his eyes.
She tried not to let her disappointment show.
They loved working together, and it shows (= it can be seen in their work).
She showed no interest in my work.
Her expression showed her disappointment.
The market shows no sign of slowing down.
Her second attempt showed a marked improvement.
The new strategy shows promise.
She tried not to show how disappointed she was.
Lewis refused to show any emotion.
James began to show signs of impatience.
Investors are beginning to show a lot of interest in the idea.
She couldn't help showing some irritation.
He's nearly sixty now, and it shows.
Her experience showed in the confident way she handled the problem.
The fields are beginning to show signs of drought.
Inflation is beginning to show its effects.
The new model showed some significant improvements over the old one.
The condition of the skin showed little change.
Her work shows a clear sense of purpose.
Products aimed at kids are showing the biggest growth. 
Her face rarely shows what she is feeling.
He has shown where his priorities lie.
She had a warm woollen hat and scarf on that left only her eyes and nose showing.
Nothing showed on the X-ray.
Their new white carpet showed every mark.
He grinned, and his teeth showed white in the darkness.
Light was showing under the door.
It's such a tiny mark, it hardly shows.
The cloth was folded so that the stain didn't show.
I tried to cover the bruise with make-up, but it still showed.
His hands were clenched, the whites of the knuckles showing.
His shirt tail was showing from under his jersey.
A patterned rug won't show the dirt.
The MRI scan showed a mass which was likely to be a tumour.
The X-ray didn't show any fractures.
The path showed white in the gathering dusk.
The glacial ice shows blue.
