The ship sank to the bottom of the sea.
The submarine sank after an explosion.
We're sinking!
The wheels started to sink into the mud.
The little boat sank beneath the waves.
It seemed as though the ship had sunk without trace.
Duane was in waist-deep and sinking fast.
He sank up to his knees in the mud.
Our feet sank deep into the soft sand as we walked.
He sank a 12-foot putt to win the match.
They sank three pints each in 10 minutes.
She just sat there, sunk in thought.
My heart sank when I saw how much work there was left.
She watched him go with a sinking heart.
We need to sink our differences and present a united opposition to the plan.
I had a horrible sinking feeling when I saw the ambulance outside the house.
The new students were just left to sink or swim.
In a situation like this, you either sink or swim.
Stealing from your friends? How could you sink so low?
I can't believe that anyone would sink to such depths.
With this article the newspaper has sunk to a new low.
The government has stooped to an all-time low with this policy.
Reality TV has sunk to new lows.
The battleship was sunk by a torpedo.
Bombs sank all four carriers.
Five brothers all died when their ship was sunk.
I sank into an armchair.
She sank back into her seat, exhausted.
The old man had sunk to his knees.
He sank lower into his chair.
I sank gratefully into the warm, dry bed.
She sank gracefully down onto a cushion at his feet.
She sank to the ground, exhausted.
The sun was sinking in the west.
The sun had sunk below the horizon.
The foundations of the building are starting to sink.
The pound has sunk to its lowest recorded level against the dollar.
He is clearly sinking fast (= getting weaker quickly and will soon die).
The project gradually sank into oblivion.
The airline industry is sinking under the weight of its losses.
Her voice sank to a whisper.
to sink a well/shaft/mine
to sink a post into the ground
I think I've just sunk my chances of getting the job.
If the car breaks down, we'll be sunk (= have serious problems).
