She sat and stared at the letter in front of her.
May I sit here?
Don't just sit there—do something!
Just sit still!
He went and sat beside her.
the man who had sat next to me on the plane
She was sitting at her desk.
She always sits in that chair.
 Four people sat around the table.
It’s too cold to sit outside.
The children were all sitting quietly and listening.
Make sure you are sitting comfortably, with your back straight and supported.
She came over to talk to us, leaving him sitting alone.
We asked the waiter for a bigger table so that we could all sit together.
He just sits there watching the television.
We sat talking for hours.
I sat waiting for the soloist to walk onto the stage.
May I sit here?
Sit still, will you!
Please sit down.
Come in and sit yourselves down.
She was seated at the head of the table.
She perched herself on the edge of the bed.
Elmer was happily sitting in his high chair.
He sat bolt upright, hands folded in front of him.
He was sitting against the wall.
He would sit quietly and watch what was happening.
She sat demurely on the edge of her chair.
She sat under an apple tree.
She was sitting astride a horse.
The children sat cross-legged on the floor.
The manager sat behind his desk.
They sat opposite each other.
The kids sat around a campfire.
We sat at a table in the corner.
We sat in silence for a few moments.
We reached the hospital and were told to sit in the waiting room.
I can't just sit in front of the computer for hours.
He was sitting on the couch with a book when I got home.
She noticed the older man sitting across from her.
With profits at record levels, the company’s certainly sitting pretty this year.
His views did not sit comfortably with the management line.
How dare you sit in judgement on me?
He tends to sit on the fence at meetings.
We can’t sit silently by and let them arrest him!
We sat tight and waited to be rescued.
Shareholders are being advised to sit tight until the crisis passes.
He lifted the child and sat her on the wall.
She sat him down in front of the fire with a hot drink.
A large bus was sitting outside.
The pot was sitting in a pool of water.
I have an exercise bike just sitting at home not being used.
The jacket sat beautifully on her shoulders (= fitted well).
The box sat unopened on the shelf.
He was sitting as a temporary judge.
They both sat as MPs in the House of Commons.
She sat on a number of committees.
For years he sat for Henley (= was the MP for that constituency).
Parliament sits for less than six months of the year.
Candidates will sit the examinations in June.
Most of the students sit at least 5 GCSEs.
He was about to sit for his entrance exam.
Rover! Sit!
Who's sitting for you?
