She slipped and landed flat on her back.
As I ran up the stairs, my foot slipped and I fell.
She got on her feet and ran towards the door, slipping and sliding.
He slipped on a bar of soap in the shower room.
She slipped over on the ice and broke her leg.
Don't let the chance to work abroad slip through your fingers.
She said nothing in case her temper slipped out of gear.
It's not a name that exactly trips off the tongue, is it?
I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. It completely slipped my mind.
It's not a name that exactly slips off the tongue, is it?
We tried to contact all former students, but one or two slipped through the net.
My hand slipped as I was slicing the bread and I cut myself.
His hat had slipped over one eye.
The fish slipped out of my hand.
The child slipped from his grasp and ran off.
She was careful not to let her control slip.
She slipped out of the house before the others were awake.
I slipped away before the end of the performance.
The ship slipped into the harbour at night.
A guard was posted at the door, in case anyone tried to slip in.
She knew that time was slipping away.
Anna slipped her hand into his.
He slipped the letter back into its envelope.
He beat three defenders before slipping the ball past the goalkeeper.
She slipped her head around the door.
I managed to slip a few jokes into my speech.
I managed to slip in a few jokes.
I slipped the ring onto my finger.
They'd slipped some money to the guards.
They'd slipped the guards some money.
Standards have slipped in the last few years.
His popularity has slipped recently.
The director never lets the tension slip.
That's three times she's beaten me—I must be slipping!
A defeat would see them slip down the rankings.
At that time the Conservatives were slipping in the polls.
Pre-tax profits slipped from $3.9 million to $3.7 million,.
He began to slip into debt.
The patient had slipped into a coma.
We seem to have slipped behind schedule.
to slip into/out of a dress
to slip your shoes on/off
He slipped a coat over his sweatshirt.
The ship had slipped its moorings in the night.
The dog slipped its collar.
The animal had slipped free and escaped.
I happened to let it slip that he had given me £1 000 for the car.
She tried not to let slip what she knew.
