The President refused to speak to reporters.
We never spoke about her illness.
The confidential setting allowed us to speak freely about our concerns.
I've spoken to the manager about it.
Can I speak with you for a minute?
‘Do you know him?’ ‘Not to speak to.’ (= I recognize him but do not really know him)
‘Can I speak to Susan?’ ‘Speaking.’ (= at the beginning of a phone conversation)
I saw her in the street but we didn't speak.
We talked on the phone for over an hour.
Have you discussed the problem with anyone? 
I’ve spoken to the manager about it.
‘Can I speak to Susan?’ ‘Speaking.’ (= at the beginning of a phone conversation)
We only communicate by email.
Dolphins use sound to communicate with each other.
Politicians will be debating the bill later this week.
You shouldn’t have done it without consulting me.
I'm speaking from experience.
I didn't get a chance to speak to him.
No one had ever dared speak to him like that before.
Employees have to get permission to speak to the media.
We're not speaking to each other at the moment.
Police would like to speak to anyone who saw the incident.
Speaking to journalists before the premiere, the actor praised the film.
I've spoken to a number of people and they all agreed with me.
Speak to friends and family first, before making any major decisions.
It's better to speak directly to the patient.
I need to speak to Joseph about this matter.
I need to speak with your parents.
You should speak with someone who knows more about the subject.
I had the opportunity to speak with the president alone.
I spoke at length with him last week.
I need colleagues with whom I can speak frankly.
He spoke on condition of anonymity.
I could guess what he wanted to speak about, but I let him broach the subject.
We've spoken about this many times before.
We spoke briefly on the phone.
I know who she is, but we've never spoken.
The brothers have fallen out and barely speak.
She's not been on speaking terms with her uncle for years.
Are they speaking to each other again yet?
We are still on speaking terms after the argument.
Ed and Dave aren't speaking at the moment.
Generally speaking, the more you pay, the more you get.
There are, broadly speaking, two ways of doing this.
Personally speaking, I've always preferred Italian food.
Women generally earn less than men.
Generally speaking, jobs traditionally done by women are paid at a lower rate than those traditionally done by men.
In general/By and large, women do not earn as much as men.
Certain jobs, like nursing and cleaning, are still mainly carried out by women.
Senior management posts are predominantly held by men.
Most senior management posts tend to be held by men.
Women are, for the most part, still paid less than men.
Economic and social factors are, to a large extent, responsible for women being concentrated in low-paid jobs.
All these points of view are related, in a manner of speaking.
They've got no friends to speak of.
She's saved a little money but nothing to speak of.
They were all very similar. All cut from the same cloth, so to speak.
Her success speaks for itself.
Recent events speak for themselves.
I'm quite capable of speaking for myself, thank you!
‘We didn't play very well.’ ‘Speak for yourself!’ (= I think that I played well.)
Don't speak ill of the dead.
The illness left him unable to speak.
Please speak more slowly.
Without speaking, she stood up and went out.
He speaks with a Scottish accent.
She speaks in a husky voice.
She has a beautiful speaking voice.
She was so moved she could hardly speak.
Nancy spoke softly.
You must speak loudly and clearly on the stage.
He lost his ability to speak.
the sounds made by a baby as it's learning to speak
He was so afraid of breaking down he couldn't trust himself to speak.
The main character speaks directly into the camera.
She opened her mouth to speak and found she couldn't.
He nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
I nodded, afraid to speak.
For a while nobody spoke.
Raise your hand if you want to speak.
They take it in turns to speak.
Look at me while I'm speaking.
He always tends to speak first in any situation.
Do you feel shy about speaking in meetings?
The children are never given a chance to speak.
They were speaking in hushed tones.
The characters speak in Cockney accents.
The whistle blower spoke anonymously on the radio.
I'm speaking from experience, having been there often.
I'm speaking from a teacher's perspective.
She's speaking from a position of authority.
Speaking as a parent, I'm very concerned about standards in education.
She’s never hesitated about speaking her mind.
Everyone should have the right to speak their mind.
Well, speak of the devil—here's Alice now!
His achievement speaks volumes for his determination.
What you wear speaks volumes about you.
She never speaks ill of anyone.
Strictly speaking, the book is not a novel, but a short story.
Using the word in that context is not, strictly speaking, correct.
to speak several languages
to speak a little Urdu
Do you speak English?
learning to speak a foreign language
Peter was learning to speak French.
How many languages do you speak?
None of them speak English.
None of them can speak English.
The ability to speak another language is a valued skill.
She speaks an unusual dialect.
He speaks German fluently.
He speaks fluent German.
I'm sorry, I don't speak any Russian.
She speaks a few words of Japanese.
It's difficult if you don't speak the language.
What language is it they're speaking?
Would you prefer it if we spoke in German?
What language are they speaking in?
They were speaking in a language I didn't understand.
They were speaking a language I didn't understand.
What language do you speak at home?
Only English is spoken in the classroom.
You can hear many different languages being spoken in these streets.
She speaks German to her kids and Italian to her husband.
We spoke half in Spanish and half in English.
I speak in my own language and she speaks in hers, and we get along fine.
French-speaking Canada
non-English-speaking students
She still speaks about him with great affection.
He was speaking publicly for the first time about the incident.
Witnesses spoke of a great ball of flame.
Her students speak very highly of her (= they say very good things about her).
Speaking of travelling, (= referring back to a subject just mentioned) are you going anywhere exciting this year?
The brochure speaks of beautiful secluded grounds.
Nobody mentioned anything to me about it.
I promised not to refer to the matter again. 
Witnesses spoke of a great ball of flame.
He cited his heavy workload as the reason for his breakdown.
Can you quote me an instance of when this happened?
He spoke of the need for patience.
He speaks of the experience as one of the highlights of his career.
They're speaking of things they don't understand.
He speaks frankly about his own shortcomings.
She has never spoken openly about her early life.
You can speak freely about anything you like.
one of the rare instances in which the sculptor spoke directly about the issue of race in art
They are willing to speak candidly about their pain and loss.
He spoke passionately about his novel.
He speaks very warmly of you.
They speak nostalgically of those days.
Speaking of Brett, why isn't he here?
“Speaking of that,” I interrupted, “how much is this going to cost?”
I had lunch with her the other day. Speaking of which, let's stop for something to eat.
Hundreds of people came to hear her speak.
I hate speaking in public.
He was invited to speak at a conference.
to speak on the radio
Professor Todd spoke to the group about her research.
She spoke in favour of the new tax.
He has a number of speaking engagements this week.
I heard him speak at the debating society.
She speaks on health issues.
He said he was not authorized to speak on the matter.
She was invited to speak at a Harvard conference.
She is scheduled to speak today to the Economic Roundtable of Jacksonville.
He was speaking at a Democratic Party rally.
I visualized myself speaking in front of a large crowd.
He spoke in support of the bill on the senate floor. 
In the past he has spoken against gay marriage.
I speak on behalf of many thousands of women.
She spoke eloquently about the need for action.
He will be speaking to history students about the causes of war.
He spoke at length about socialism.
First I'll speak briefly about the background to the project.
She spoke clearly and engagingly about her work.
She was clearly speaking the truth.
He spoke the final words of the play.
They had the courage to speak the truth.
