He was a member of the team that split the atom in 1932.
Split the coconut in half.
She split the class into groups of four.
Each chapter is split into two parts.
The results split neatly into two groups.
Slate splits easily into thin sheets.
If the nail you use is too big, there's a chance that the wood will split.
Identical twins come from a single fertilized egg that splits in two.
He split the log into several pieces.
On January 1 1993, Czechoslovakia formally split into two independent states.
Plastic splits quite easily.
Which scientist first split the atom?
I was put to work splitting wood for the fire.
She split the money she won with her brother.
The two men agreed to split the proceeds.
We share a house and split all the bills.
His time is split between the London and Paris offices.
Four of us live here and we split all the bills four ways.
The profit will be split three ways.
The cost has been split equally between three countries.
She splits her time between Madrid and Washington.
The committee split over government subsidies.
His candidacy split the Republican vote.
The sect split from the Mormon church more than a hundred years ago.
The party is deeply split on this issue.
The poll found the public evenly split on the issue.
The community was split down the middle on this.
The party finally split over the issue of gun control.
Several factions split from the party.
Her dress had split along the seam.
Don't tell me you've split another pair of pants!
The cushion split open and sent feathers everywhere.
He split the packet open and poured out a handful of peanuts.
The ripe seed pod splits open and scatters the seeds.
The lid had split down the middle.
She split her head open on the cupboard door.
She fell downstairs and split her head open.
How did you split your lip?
The singer split with his wife last June.
She intends to split from the band at the end of the tour.
Let's split!
I offered €200 but he wanted €300. In the end, we split the difference and I paid him €250.
I wanted to leave early and Ian wanted to leave late, so we split the difference and left at noon.
The country was split down the middle over the strike (= half supported it, half did not).
Divide the cake down the middle.
It would seem the community has divided down the middle, with some favouring expansion and some dead set against it.
