The news had spread and was causing great excitement.
Use of computers spread rapidly during that period.
Within weeks, his confidence had spread throughout the team.
The disease spreads easily.
The idea spread quickly in the years that followed.
Someone's been spreading rumours about you.
He's using his rap music to spread the message that violence is wrong.
The disease is spread by mosquitoes.
The virus is primarily spread from person to person through coughing and sneezing.
The depression started in the US and spread quickly throughout the world.
His fame had spread far and wide.
The disease can be spread by contact.
I wish he would stop spreading lies about me.
The effects of this policy spread far beyond children now at school.
Why not pay monthly and spread the cost of your car insurance?
A series of five interviews will be spread over two days.
The course takes forty hours, spread over twenty weeks.
We attempted to spread the workload between the departments.
We tried to spread the workload evenly between the departments.
Rumours of his death spread like wildfire.
The news spread like wildfire.
They have spread their net far and wide in the search for a new team coach.
Going to college gave her the chance to spread her wings.
I'm always trying to spread the word about healthy eating.
With four markets to manage, there's a danger that's she's spreading herself too thin.
There is no evidence that the cancer has spread.
The fire rapidly spread to adjoining buildings.
Water began to spread across the floor.
A smile spread slowly across her face.
Allow plenty of space for this plant as its roots spread widely.
A strong wind spread the flames.
Using too much water could spread the stain.
Seeds and pollen are spread by the wind.
We have 10 000 members spread all over the country.
Expertise in this field is very thinly spread across the country.
Friends may be spread geographically. Neighbours, by definition, are nearby.
The valley spread out beneath us.
They spread manure in both spring and autumn.
to spread butter on pieces of toast
Birds spread the oil over their feathers to keep them warm and dry.
pieces of toast spread with butter
If the paint is too thick, it will not spread evenly.
He spread jam on the toast.
Spread each slice generously with butter.
If the paint is too thick, it will not spread easily.
She spread butter on a piece of toast.
Spread the cake with cream and then sprinkle flakes of chocolate on top.
The bird spread its wings.
a bird with its wings spread wide
They spread a cloth on the table.
Sue spread the map out on the floor.
We spread the rug out on the floor.
He spread the blanket over the straw and went to sleep.
He had a newspaper spread open on his knee.
Papers had been spread out on the desk.
She spread out photographs of her grandchildren so I could see how they'd grown.
He was studying the various pages of notes spread over the quilt.
He shuffled the cards and spread them in a fan.
Re-size the text by using the pinch and spread gestures on the screen.
She spread her arms and the child ran towards her.
