The car stopped at the traffic lights.
Ann stopped in front of the house.
This train doesn’t stop at Oxford.
He was stopped by the police for speeding.
She stopped the car opposite the school. 
Suddenly he stopped dead: what was he doing?
The buses stop outside the school.
Soldiers took up positions along roads, stopping and searching cars.
Passers-by stopped and stared in the window. 
She made them stop the car and let her out.
Flooding has stopped the traffic through the center of town.
She’ll stop at nothing to make money.
The question stopped Alice in her tracks.
Suddenly he stopped dead in his tracks: what was he doing?
The disease was stopped in its tracks by immunization programmes.
He stopped short when he heard his name.
‘I’m pregnant,’ she said. That stopped him short.
She stopped short of calling the president a liar.
The protest stopped short of a violent confrontation.
Can't you just stop?
That phone never stops ringing!
Don't you ever stop talking?
Please stop crying and tell me what's wrong.
She criticizes everyone and the trouble is, she doesn't know when to stop.
Stop me (= make me stop talking) if I'm boring you.
Stop it! You're hurting me.
Mike immediately stopped what he was doing.
Sorry to interrupt, but I have to disagree with that.
Could I just say something here?
If I could, let me stop you there for a moment and go back to your previous point.
Actually, we seem to have strayed a bit from the topic. Can we go back to the first point?
Just a moment, Sue. Can we hear what Jack has to say on this?
May I interrupt you there? I don't think that's true.
I’m sorry, but we’re running short on time. Can you please summarize very quickly so we can finish up?
I appreciate your enthusiasm on this topic, but I’m afraid we have a couple more people to hear from.
Could you two please discuss that issue privately after the meeting? We have several more items to cover and need to move on at this point.
I’m sorry, I really have to stop you there. We've run out of time.
Let’s save that conversation for another time.
He never knows when to stop.
He couldn't stop thinking about her.
I was enjoying myself so much I didn't want to stop.
We need to stop making excuses.
After three weeks we had stopped expecting to hear any news.
She's trying to stop smoking and lose weight.
They can't stop talking about the holiday.
She didn't stop working until she was 80.
They paid farmers to stop using chemicals.
It's time to stop playing and go home.
When is this fighting going to stop?
The bus service stops at midnight.
Has it stopped raining yet?
Doctors couldn't stop the bleeding.
The referee was forced to stop the game because of heavy snow.
She called on both sides to stop the violence.
When is the violence going to stop?
The sobs came less frequently, then stopped altogether.
The story stops and starts, with little emphasis on continuity.
The peace movement failed to stop the war.
He knew he had to stop the blood flow. 
On the farm, the work never stops.
I want to go and you can't stop me.
efforts to stop the spread of the disease
There's no stopping us now (= nothing can prevent us from achieving what we want to achieve).
You can't stop people (from) saying what they think.
They tried to stop me from leaving.
There's nothing to stop you from accepting the offer.
He's dangerous and needs to be stopped.
Measures must be taken to stop the spread of the virus.
The activists failed to stop the tests from going ahead.
 If she wants to go, I'm certainly not going to try and stop her.
Technology could help to stop future attacks. 
The internet has stopped young people from talking to each other.
I'm hungry. Let's stop for lunch.
We stopped for the night in Port Augusta.
We stopped to admire the scenery.
People just don't stop to think about the consequences.
The film really makes you stop and think.
If you just stop and listen, it's amazing what you can hear.
Why has the engine stopped?
What time is it? My watch has stopped.
I felt as if my heart had stopped.
Can you stop the printer once it’s started?
I'm not stopping. I just came to give you this message.
Can you stop for tea?
to stop a cheque (= tell the bank not to pay it)
Employees of the failed company will have their wages stopped from tomorrow.
Dad threatened to stop £1 a week from our pocket money if we didn't clean our rooms.
Stop up the other end of the tube, will you?
I stopped my ears but still heard her cry out.
