Is there any way of stretching shoes?
Stop stretching your sleeves like that!
This sweater has stretched.
A minute later, Kelly stretched their lead to eight points.
I need a job that will stretch me.
She was never really stretched at school.
The book really stretches your imagination.
He admitted that he had maybe stretched the truth a little (= not been completely honest).
The play's plot stretches credulity to the limit.
Couldn't they just bend the rules and let us in without a ticket?
It was good to get out of the car and stretch our legs.
I was hoping they would stretch a point and let me stay on for a while.
The jeans stretch to provide a perfect fit.
Stretch the fabric tightly over the frame.
Striped awnings had been stretched across the courtyard.
Make sure that the rope is stretched tight.
He stretched and yawned lazily.
Andrea turned out the light and stretched full-length on the bed.
The exercises are designed to stretch and tone your leg muscles.
It was impossible to bend or stretch my legs.
She stretched across the table for the butter.
She stretched up to reach the top shelf.
I stretched out a hand and picked up the book.
Fields and hills stretched out as far as we could see.
The traffic jam seemed to stretch for miles.
A line of cars stretched into the distance.
The flat landscape stretched to the horizon.
Beyond the mountains stretches a vast desert.
The beach seemed to stretch endlessly.
The road stretched ahead.
The wood does not stretch very far.
an area which stretches from London to the north
The town's history stretches back to before 1500.
to stretch back years/decades/generations/centuries
The training stretches over a period of 16 months.
Endless summer days stretched out before us.
The talks look set to stretch into a second week.
The future stretched out endlessly in front of me.
I need a new car, but my savings won't stretch to it.
There are lots of things I’d like to buy, but our budget just won’t stretch that far.
The pandemic has stretched healthcare resources to the limit.
We can't take on any more work—we're fully stretched as it is.
The budget is already stretched to breaking point.
The influx of tourists in the summer stretches the capacity of local transport to its limit.
Our forces are too thinly stretched to control the chaos.
The increase in demand has severely stretched our resources.
Don't stretch yourself too thin financially.
This department is stretched to its limit.
