The ship struck a rock.
The child ran into the road and was struck by a car.
The tree was struck by lightning.
Warplanes struck several targets in the city.
He fell, striking his head on the edge of the table.
He was struck in the head by a bullet.
The stone struck her on the forehead.
The oar struck against something hard.
The boy was hit by a speeding car.
Someone had knocked a hole in the wall.
The baby was banging the table with his spoon.
The ship struck a rock.
In the darkness I bumped into a chair.
I braked too late, bashing into the car in front.
to be struck dumb/deaf/blind
to strike a match on a wall
The sword struck sparks off the stone floor.
The matches were damp and he couldn't make them strike.
Did you hear the clock strike?
Four o’clock had just struck.
The clock has just struck three.
She struck a chord on the piano and the children began to sing.
They had struck oil!
We left the road and struck off across the fields.
He struck out (= started swimming) towards the shore.
The German army struck deep into northern France.
I was struck by her youth and enthusiasm.
We're not very struck on that new restaurant.
I was particularly struck by the sound of the birds.
Joan was struck quite forcibly by the silence.
Her face went pale as his words hit home.
The band really hit pay dirt with their last album.
She struck him in the face.
He struck the table with his fist.
Who struck the first blow (= started the fight)?
Did she ever strike you?
He struck her two blows on the leg.
It is a bizarre tale and the author hits just the right note of horror and disbelief.
Unfortunately, the president struck the wrong note in his speech, ignoring the public mood.
She hit the woodwork twice before scoring.
She sounded a note of warning in her speech.
The touch of cynicism struck a slightly sour note.
He sounded a cautionary note.
His opening remarks struck the right note.
We need to strike a balance between these conflicting interests.
Perhaps we could strike a bargain.
The United States has struck a historic deal with India.
He felt that they had struck a blow for democracy.
The speaker had obviously struck a chord with his audience.
The sound of gunfire struck fear into the hearts of the villagers.
He has struck gold with his latest novel.
He walked up to the penalty spot and struck the ball firmly into the back of the net.
His face went pale as her words struck home.
We certainly struck it lucky with the weather.
His work strikes a nerve with people who are attracted to nostalgia.
 It seems I struck a nerve with my last post about cell phones.
Nissan may well strike a popular nerve here.
The band really struck pay dirt with their last album.
to strike a dramatic pose
He strikes an attitude of bravery and lonely defiance.
It is a bizarre tale and the author strikes just the right note of horror and disbelief.
The beach is within striking distance.
The cat was now within striking distance of the duck.
The lion crouched ready to strike.
Police fear that the killer may strike again.
The guerrillas struck with deadly force.
Two days later tragedy struck.
Disaster struck again when their best player was injured.
The area was struck by an outbreak of cholera.
A hurricane is about to strike Jamaica.
Earthquakes can strike without warning.
The disease first struck her 10 years ago.
An awful thought has just struck me.
I was struck by her resemblance to my aunt.
One thing that really struck me was how calm he appeared.
It suddenly struck me how we could improve the situation.
Another part of his comment struck me.
His reaction struck me as odd.
She strikes me as a very efficient person.
How does the idea strike you?
It strikes me that nobody is really in favour of the changes.
He always struck me as being rather stupid.
It struck me as strange that there was no one there.
Over 100 000 civil servants are set to strike on Tuesday.
Drivers are threatening to strike over pay.
The union has voted to strike for a pay increase of 6%.
Striking workers picketed the factory.
The windows sparkled as the sun struck the glass.
