He sat up very late that night, studying.
How long have you been studying English?
Don't disturb Jane, she's studying for her exams.
My brother studied photography at the Royal College of Art.
She studied at New College, Oxford.
a composer who studied music under Nadia Boulanger (= was taught music by Nadia Boulanger)
He studied under Wagner in Vienna.
Nina is studying to be an architect.
He is studying to teach children with special needs.
I have two tests tomorrow, and I've barely had time to study.
She's studying hard at the moment.
There's nowhere for the students to study quietly.
In the third year a number of areas are studied in detail.
Did you ever study any sciences?
I had a place to study engineering at Leeds.
They are always on social media when they should be studying.
She has been studying and working in Holland for the past four years.
The faculty offers students the opportunity to study dance.
He began studying for a law degree.
Scientists are studying photographs of the planet for signs of life.
He studied her face thoughtfully.
Fran was studying the menu.
She picked up the letter and studied it carefully.
We will study the report carefully before making a decision.
The group will study how the region coped with the loss of thousands of jobs.
They are studying what happens to people who unexpectedly win a lot of money.
These ideas will be examined in more detail in Chapter 10.
The job involves gathering and analysing data.
He tried to analyse his feelings.
The government will review the situation later in the year.
We will study the report carefully before making a decision.
This topic will be discussed at greater length in the next chapter.
The influence of heredity is best studied in genetically identical twins.
This area has not been well studied.
She is studying the effects global warming could have on annual snowmelt.
He's been studying hedgehogs for many years.
The early modern world has not been extensively studied outside Europe.
Researchers are studying the behaviour of sharks.
