His arms swung as he walked.
As he pushed her, she swung higher and higher (= while sitting on a swing).
A set of keys swung from her belt.
He sat on the stool, swinging his legs.
I could see him swinging from the branch of a large tree.
Let your arms swing freely at your sides.
The rope was swinging slightly in the breeze.
The elephant swung its trunk from side to side.
In an interview, smart presentation can swing the balance in your favour.
New evidence swung the balance against the prosecution.
entrepreneurs who think big and swing for the fences
Investors need to manage risk and not swing for the fences.
The ambulance crew swung into action to resuscitate the patient.
The rescue operation swung into action immediately.
The emergency services swung into action as soon as the disaster was reported.
I don't think there's anything wrong with her—she's just swinging the lead.
The gunshot sent monkeys swinging away through the trees.
He swung himself out of the car.
He swung up into the saddle and rode off.
She swung down from the tree in one easy movement.
A line of cars swung out of the palace gates.
He swung his legs over the side of the bed.
The door swung open.
She let the door swing shut behind her.
She swung the door open.
The state has swung from Republican to Democrat.
His emotions swung between fear and curiosity.
The game could swing either way (= either side could win it).
I managed to swing them round to my point of view.
Her mood could swing rapidly from gloom to exhilaration.
Opinion swung heavily to the left.
The balance of power swung wildly from one party to the other.
She swung back to face him.
The bus swung sharply to the left.
He swung the camera around to face the opposite direction.
Nick swung towards her.
She swung around angrily, her eyes blazing.
Suddenly she swung back on her heel.
He swung the car round in a dangerous U-turn.
She swung at me with the iron bar.
He swung another punch in my direction.
We're trying to swing it so that we can travel on the same flight.
Is there any chance of you swinging us a couple of tickets?
