Remember to take your coat when you leave.
I forgot to take my bag with me when I got off the bus.
Shall I take my host family a gift?
Can you take my suit to the dry-cleaner's?
You need to take your laptop to the technician.
Don't forget to take a present for Catherine's new baby.
My things had already been taken to my room.
She took her bags along with her.
Think about what you need to take for the trip.
The scientists are taking water samples from the river.
The machine takes its name from its inventor.
Part of her article is taken straight (= copied) out of my book.
Are these seats taken?
Come in; take a seat.
May I sit here?
Sit still, will you!
Please sit down.
Come in and sit yourselves down.
She was seated at the head of the table.
She perched herself on the edge of the bed.
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
The doctor has given me some medicine to take for my cough.
He started taking drugs (= illegal drugs) at college.
The police officer took my name and address.
Did you take notes in the class?
When did you take your driving test?
She is planning to take a course in web design.
Last year I started taking yoga classes.
How many subjects are you taking this year?
We need to take a different approach to the problem.
The government is taking action to combat drug abuse.
to take a look
to take a break
to take a shot at somebody/something
to take a step/walk/stroll
to take a bath/shower/wash
to take a bite/drink/sip
to take a deep breath
We will take a decision on the matter next week.
She's taken a nasty fall and has her leg in plaster.
 Experts have urged ministers to take the necessary steps to resolve the issue.
to take somebody’s temperature
I need to have my blood pressure taken.
The rebels succeeded in taking the town.
The state has taken control of the company.
The militants took the city from government forces.
The rebels took him prisoner.
He was taken prisoner by the rebels.
The bank robbers took several employees hostage.
It's too far to walk—I'll take you by car.
A boy took us to our room.
I'm taking the kids swimming later.
The boys were taken to see their grandparents most weekends.
It’s too far to walk—I’ll take you by car.
Firefighters led the survivors to safety.
The president arrived, escorted by twelve bodyguards.
My mother drove us to the airport.
The attendant showed us to our seats.
He always walked her home.
Have you walked the dog yet today?
She guided us through the busy streets.
We were guided around the museums.
She ushered her guests to their seats.
A young woman directed them to the station.
You should take her home soon.
I asked them if they'd take me with them.
I'll take the grey jacket.
We took a room at the hotel for two nights.
We take the ‘Express’.
If they offer me the job, I'll take it.
She was accused of taking bribes.
I'll take the call in my office.
I take full responsibility for my actions.
Why should I take the blame for somebody else's mistakes?
If you choose deceit, then you must take the consequences of your actions.
If you take my advice you'll have nothing more to do with him.
Will you take $10 for the book (= will you sell it for $10)?
The store took (= sold goods worth) $100 000 last week.
When the bus stopped for fuel, we took the opportunity to get something to eat.
England failed to take their chances and had to settle for a draw.
He isn't afraid to take risks.
Take the initiative and fill your life with exciting experiences.
The school doesn't take boys (= only has girls).
The dentist can't take any new patients.
The school took the full force of the explosion.
Can the ropes take the strain (= not break)?
The team took a terrible beating.
I'm afraid your husband has taken a turn for the worse.
She can't take criticism.
I don't think I can take much more of this heat.
I find his attitude a little hard to take.
It was clear that she wasn't going to take any nonsense.
He took the criticism surprisingly well.
These threats are not to be taken lightly.
I wish you'd take me seriously.
I was being sarcastic but you took my comment literally. 
She took it in the spirit in which it was intended.
Harry took his rejection philosophically.
She took the news of her father's death very badly.
I wanted to be taken seriously as an artist.
They won't take kindly to being ordered about.
How am I supposed to take that remark?
Taken overall, the project was a success.
She took what he said as a compliment.
What did you take his comments to mean?
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Van Gogh.
Of course I didn't do it! What do you take me for (= what sort of person do you think I am)?
I took the man with him to be his father.
I mistakenly took her for the Senator's wife.
He's not the fool you take him for.
Her energy and talent took her to the top of her profession.
The new loan takes the total debt to $100 000.
I'd like to take my argument a stage further.
He believes he has the skills to take the club forward.
We'll take the matter forward at our next meeting (= discuss it further).
My parents always took an interest in my hobbies.
Don't take offence (= be offended) at what I said.
I took a dislike to him.
He takes the view that children are responsible for their own actions.
Take 5 from 12 and you're left with 7.
80 take away 5 is 75.
Lots of couples have problems in the first year of marriage. Take Ann and Paul.
Our next class will take the form of a debate.
The new president takes office in January.
The home side had a chance to take the lead.
It only takes one careless driver to cause an accident.
It doesn't take much to make her angry.
He didn't take much persuading (= he was easily persuaded).
The buses have been adapted to take biofuel.
What size shoes do you take?
The bus can take 60 passengers.
The tank takes 50 litres.
The head teacher usually takes us for French.
Mr Perkins took the morning service.
The horse took the first fence well.
He takes bends much too fast.
The process took about a year.
The journey to the airport takes about half an hour.
It takes about half an hour to get to the airport.
That cut is taking a long time to heal.
The official seemed to take hours to examine my passport.
That should only take you ten minutes.
It took her three hours to repair her bike.
It'll take her time to recover from the illness.
It'll take time (= take a long time) for her to recover from the illness.
I need a shower—I won't take long.
How long do you think this storm will last?
The movie lasted over two hours.
His annoyance won’t last.
The money she gave us should last until next week.
It takes (me) at least an hour to get home from work.
How long will the flight take?
The water took ages to boil.
to take a penalty/free kick/corner 
to take a vote/poll/survey 
The skin graft failed to take.
The verb ‘rely’ takes the preposition ‘on’.
Dancing? I can take it or leave it.
You haven’t spilled your coffee again! I can’t take you anywhere!
She takes life as it comes.
I take it you won't be coming to the party?
to take a picture/photo/shot of somebody/something
to have your picture/photo taken
Take it from me—he'll be a millionaire before he's 30.
Looking after small children really takes it out of you.
to take the bus/train
to take a cab/plane
Take the second road on the right.
It's more interesting to take the coast road.
You'll have to take a taxi. There's no other way of getting there.
You fly to Brussels and take the train to Bruges.
We took a ferry across to the island.
We took a bus south to Cairo.
They took the night train to Vienna.
I passed him the rope and he took it.
Free newspapers: please take one.
Can you take (= hold) the baby for a moment?
He took her hand/took her by the hand (= held her hand, for example to lead her somewhere).
She took the child in her arms and kissed him.
Will you take your books off the table?
The sign must be taken down.
He took some keys out of his pocket.
My name had been taken off the list.
She was playing with a knife, so I took it away from her.
She was playing with a knife, so I took it off her.
The new sports centre will take the pressure off the old one.
Someone has taken my scarf.
Did the burglars take anything valuable?
All she had taken was her passport and driving licence.
The storms took the lives of 50 people.
