Stop talking and listen!
We talked on the phone for over an hour.
Who were you talking to just now?
Ann and Joe aren't talking to each other right now (= they refuse to speak to each other because they have argued).
Watch the scene where Don talks to himself in the mirror while shaving.
We looked around the school and talked with the principal.
They talk a lot about the inspiration for their music.
When they get together, all they talk about is football.
What are you talking about? (= used when you are surprised, annoyed and/or worried by something that somebody has just said)
I don't know what you're talking about (= used to say that you did not do something that somebody has accused you of).
to talk openly/freely/publicly about something
She started talking loudly to her friends about the film they'd just seen.
Mary is talking of looking for another job.
We often talked of the war.
We talked ourselves hoarse, catching up on all the news. 
He was so easy to talk to.
I think you'd better talk directly to my manager.
I'll talk to John this afternoon.
I can't talk about it just now.
Bruce Springsteen has agreed to talk exclusively to our reporter about his life.
I loved to hear him talk about the old days.
She talked quite freely about her work.
He had talked vaguely of going to work abroad.
He talked excitedly of his plans.
‘George is so careless with money.’ ‘Look who's talking!’
Well, speak of the devil—here's Alice now!
Talk about mean! She didn't even buy me a card.
The senior managers talk a good game about customer relations, but really they don't care about the customer.
This situation can't go on. We need to talk.
The two sides in the dispute are finally willing to talk.
Talk with your doctor before radically changing your diet.
Is there anything you'd like to talk about?
We want to talk to people about this issue.
to talk politics
We talked on the phone for over an hour.
Have you discussed the problem with anyone? 
I’ve spoken to the manager about it.
‘Can I speak to Susan?’ ‘Speaking.’ (= at the beginning of a phone conversation)
We only communicate by email.
Dolphins use sound to communicate with each other.
Politicians will be debating the bill later this week.
You shouldn’t have done it without consulting me.
Talking of Sue, I met her new boyfriend last week.
Well, talk of the devil—here's Alice now!
Whenever we meet up with Clive and Sue they always end up talking shop.
You can talk the talk, but can you walk the walk? (= can you act in a way that matches your words?)
I managed to talk my way out of having to give a speech.
The baby is just starting to talk.
Alex can't talk yet—he's only just one year old.
We couldn't understand them because they were talking in Chinese.
Are they talking Swedish or Danish?
She talks a lot of sense.
You're talking rubbish!
See if you can talk some sense into him (= persuade him to be sensible).
We're talking £500 for three hours' work.
Do you know what this will cost? We’re talking megabucks here.
Don't phone me at work—people will talk.
The police questioned him but he refused to talk.
Try and talk some sense into her before she makes the wrong decision.
Where would I be without you to knock some sense into my head?
I worked there for 20 years, so I know what I'm talking about.
