He told the news to everybody he saw.
He told everybody he saw the news.
Did she tell you her name?
What did I tell you? (= you should have listened to my advice)
‘Come closer,’ she said, ‘I want to tell you something’. 
Why wasn't I told about the accident?
They’ve told us (that) they’re not coming.
I told him straight (= in a direct way) that I wasn't voting for him. 
He later told the court that he had returned the money.
I kept telling myself (that) everything was OK.
Are you telling me you didn't have any help with this? (= I don't believe what you have said)
Tell me where you live.
‘I'm ready to go now,’ he told her.
'We hope that there will be some progress,' he told reporters.
‘Sit down,’ she said.
Anne said, ‘I’m tired.’
Anne said (that) she was tired.
What did he say to you?
I want to say something/​a few words/​a little about my family.
She didn’t say what she intended to do.
Have you told him the news yet?
Anne told me (that) she was tired.
Can you tell me when the movie starts?
Can you give me some information about the school?
The doctor told me to stay in bed.
The doctor told me (that) I had to stay in bed.
The doctor said (that) I had to stay in bed.
Could you tell me the best way to get to Paddington station, please?
Do you happen to know whether Amy Brown works here?
I wonder whether/​if you can help me. I'm trying to find out which number to call for reservations.
I tried to tell them but they wouldn't let me.
I was going to tell you—I just didn't get around to it.
I hate to tell you this but I've broken your phone.
I never told him about the money.
No one had told her of the dangers.
She told me bluntly it was my own fault.
Did anyone tell you what happened?
The government refused to tell them anything about its investigation.
Don't tell me you were late again!
I've often heard tell of such things.
If the truth be known, I was afraid to tell anyone.
We first met in 2006, no, I tell a lie, it was 2007.
It isn't cheap, I can tell you!
I'm telling you, that's exactly what she said.
I'll tell you what—let's stay in instead.
She's been married five times, so she knows a thing or two about men!
The advertisement told us very little about the product.
This gauge tells you how much fuel you have left.
The sound of his breathing told her (that) he was asleep.
These drugs are widely believed to be effective medications. The data, however, tell a different story.
Tell me, have you had lunch yet?
‘I get so annoyed with Steve!’ ‘Tell me about it. He drives me crazy.’
Her face told its own story.
After winning several Oscars, Nick Park can tell you a thing or two about making animated films.
She's only five—she hasn't learnt to tell the time yet.
to tell stories/jokes/lies
Are you sure you're telling the truth?
I can't tell you how happy I am.
We'd go fishing and she'd tell me stories.
All of them had an interesting story to tell.
He told the story to all his friends.
She is always telling lies.
There's no telling how they'll react.
Only time will tell if the treatment has been successful.
To tell the truth, I fell asleep in the middle of her talk.
Promise you won't tell.
‘Who are you going out with tonight?’ ‘That would be telling!’ (= it's a secret)
He was told to sit down and wait.
There was a sign telling motorists to slow down.
I kept telling myself to keep calm.
I specifically told you to be here on time.
Do what I tell you.
Children must do as they're told.
Don't tell me what to do!
The doctor told me (that) I should eat less fat.
Could you wait here for a moment, please?
Would you come through now?/You can come through now.
Can you send it up to my room, please?
Just sign here for me, please.
I need you to finish the report by Friday.
Everyone has to use the side entrance this week.
You have to sign these reports before submitting them.
The company was ordered to pay compensation to its former employee.
‘Come here at once!’ she ordered.
He was told to sit down and wait.
Don’t tell me what to do!
The letter instructed him to report to headquarters immediately.
The judge directed the jury to return a verdict of not guilty.
He commanded his men to retreat.
‘Sit down,’ she said.
Anne said, ‘I’m tired.’
Anne said (that) she was tired.
What did he say to you?
I want to say something/​a few words/​a little about my family.
She didn’t say what she intended to do.
Have you told him the news yet?
Anne told me (that) she was tired.
Can you tell me when the movie starts?
Can you give me some information about the school?
The doctor told me to stay in bed.
The doctor told me (that) I had to stay in bed.
The doctor said (that) I had to stay in bed.
I think he's happy. It's hard to tell.
As far as I can tell, she's enjoying the course.
‘That's not an original.’ ‘How can you tell?’
I could tell (that) he was angry from his expression.
The only way to tell if you like something is by trying it.
It's too early to tell how popular this service will be.
It's impossible to tell exactly where the problem is.
It was hard to tell the difference between the two versions.
Can you tell Tom from his twin brother?
Can you tell this copy from the original?
It's difficult to tell them apart.
The kittens look exactly alike—how can you tell which is which?
I couldn't tell who was meant to be the chairman.
The strain was beginning to tell on the rescue team.
There are 52 people coming, all told.
