Do you really think (that) he'll win?
I thought I heard a scream.
I didn't think people were allowed to park here.
Am I right in thinking that you used to live here?
I think this is their house, but I'm not sure.
He ought to resign, I think.
That's my opinion, but you might think otherwise (= have a different opinion).
We'll need about 20 chairs, I should think.
I can't help thinking (that) things could have been different. 
It was once thought that the sun travelled around the earth.
Well, I like it. What do you think?
What did you think about the idea?
What did you think of the film?
‘Is he any good?’ ‘I don't think so.’
‘Will we make it in time?’ ‘I think so.’
I think it highly unlikely that I'll get the job.
She thought him kind and generous.
It was better than I thought possible. 
I thought it a good idea to go with him. 
He's thought to be one of the richest men in Europe.
I think of this place as my home.
She is thought of as a possible director.
Do you think (that) they’ll come?
Well, I like it. What do you think?
Police believe (that) the man may be armed.
We all felt (that) we were unlucky to lose.
I reckon (that) I’m going to get that job.
I was under the impression that the work had already been completed.
I would say it’s OK in the city, but not in the country. What do you think?
My feeling is that we could improve our performance. Do you agree with that?
What would you say if we waited another month?
What about you? Do you cycle?
Which place do you think is more dangerous?
The traffic’s going faster there, isn't it?/don't you think?
Would you say that traffic's going faster there?
So this would be a better option, right?
I think it's likely that these people know each other.
I imagine she's his wife.
They might/​may/​could be related.
I would think/​imagine/​guess they've been waiting for some time.
I guess that the car has broken down.
I think this has probably happened before.
It looks to me as though the woman is very angry.
Perhaps/​Probably/​Possibly/​It may be that/​Maybe there has been an accident.
Photography is, according to Vidal, the art form of untalented people.
For Vidal, photography is the art form of untalented people.
His view is that photography is not art but merely the mechanical reproduction of images.
Smith takes the view that photography is both an art and a science.
In Brown’s view, photography should be treated as a legitimate art in its own right.
James is of the opinion that a good painter can always be a good photographer if they so decide.
Emerson believed that a photograph should only reflect what the human eye can see.
In my opinion, everyone should have some understanding of science.
Everyone should, in my opinion, have some understanding of science.
It seems to me that many people in this country have a poor understanding of science.
This is, in my view, the result of a failure of the scientific community to get its message across.
Another reason why so many people have such a poor understanding of science is, I believe, the lack of adequate funding for science in schools.
Smith argues that science is separate from culture. My own view is that science belongs with literature, art, philosophy and religion as an integral part of our culture.
In this writer’s opinion, the more the public know about science, the less they will fear and distrust it.
Why are you wanting a new phone when your current one works perfectly well?
What shall we do tonight? I’m thinking bowling.
I’m loving the weather today! 
Do you think (that) they’ll come?
I didn't think you liked sports.
Did you honestly think I would agree to that?
I personally think it's all been a lot of fuss over nothing.
I'm inclined to think we've been a little harsh on her.
I still don't know what he really thinks about it.
I didn't think (= it did not occur to me) to tell her.
I can't think where I put the keys.
She was acting as if she owned the place.
Come to think of it, he did mention seeing you.
Me? Fail? I don't think so.
It was a difficult situation, when you think about it.
I like to think I'm broad-minded.
I’d like to think that you were helping me because you wanted to, not because you felt you had to.
‘He said he'd forgotten.’ ‘I thought as much.’
Now let me see—where did he say he lived?
You must do as you think fit (= but I don't agree with your decision).
The newspaper did not see fit to publish my letter (= and I criticize it for that).
Are animals able to think?
Let me think (= give me time before I answer).
Stop and think for a moment before making any decisions.
I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking (= said when you have upset or offended somebody accidentally).
I can't tell you now—I'll have to think about it.
The government needs to think carefully about the issues raised. 
All he ever thinks about is money.
He was trying to think what to do.
She had thought very deeply about this problem.
He seemed to have lost the ability to think rationally.
She thought long and hard before accepting his offer.
Think about what you are going to do next.
Don't speak ill of the dead.
You really should think again about that.
She has behaved appallingly—I must say I thought better of her.
Rosie was about to protest but thought better of it.
I wouldn't want them to think ill of me.
She thinks nothing of walking thirty miles a day.
You're very quiet. What are you thinking?
I was just thinking what a long way it is.
‘I must be crazy,’ she thought.
‘What can I do now?’ he thought frantically.
The drugs were affecting her and she couldn't think straight.
You should think twice about employing someone you've never met.
He thinks the world of his daughter.
I don't think much of her idea.
To think that my mother wrote all those books and I never knew!
We couldn't think where you'd gone.
Just think how nice it would be to see them again.
I hate to think what would have happened if we hadn't arrived.
I like to think (that) he would help if I needed it.
I can’t think (that) he would be so stupid.
If I'm home late, my mother always thinks the worst.
Just think—we'll be lying on the beach this time tomorrow.
Try to think yourself into the role.
The house was just as she had imagined it.
We couldn’t think where you’d gone.
Just think—this time tomorrow we’ll be lying on a beach.
I can’t see her changing her mind.
His colleagues see him as a future director.
I don’t envisage working with him again.
They envision an equal society, free from poverty and disease.
I never thought (that) I’d see her again.
The job took longer than we thought.
You'd think she'd have been grateful for my help (= but she wasn't).
I never thought you would carry out your threat.
Who would have thought to find you here?
Let's think positive.
You need to think big (= aim to achieve a lot).
If you want to make money, you've got to think money.
What do you think you're doing?
I thought we could go out tonight.
Twenty guests are enough, I would have thought.
Do you think you could open the window?
‘You've made a mistake.’ ‘I don't think so.’
I think I'll go for a swim.
I'm thinking in terms of about 70 guests at the wedding.
