Practise throwing and catching. 
They had a competition to see who could throw the furthest.
Who threw that rock?
Stop throwing stones at the window!
She threw the ball up and caught it again.
He threw the ball into the bushes and the dog ran to fetch it.
Three grenades were thrown into the corridor.
Two petrol bombs had been thrown through the front window.
Don't throw it to him; give it to him!
Can you throw me that towel?
He threw a stone at the window.
Just go through this tunnel and then it's on the right.
You can do it—you're three-quarters of the way through already!
It's not a through road so it's quite quiet.
Some kids were throwing stones at the window.
She threw the ball and he caught it.
She tossed her jacket onto the bed.
Rioters hurled a brick through the car’s windscreen.
She flung the letter down onto the table.
I chucked him the keys.
They were lobbing stones over the wall.
a hand-thrown vase
The trees threw long shadows across the lawn.
She'll throw a fit if she finds out.
Children often throw tantrums at this age.
They threw a party for him on his birthday.
He always throws a big bash on Oscar night.
He was accused of having thrown the game.
Just throw your bag down over there.
He threw the keys casually down on the table.
A blanket was thrown over the bed. 
I took some folders and started throwing stuff in them. 
The boat was thrown onto the rocks.
The sea throws up all sorts of debris on the beach.
They were thrown to the floor by the impact.
He was arrested and thrown in jail (= sent to prison).
He threatened to throw her in the river if she screamed.
I threw open the windows to let the smoke out.
He threw the double doors open in a dramatic gesture.
Miraculously he was thrown clear (= out of the vehicle when it crashed) and suffered nothing more than severe bruising. 
The ship's cargo was thrown overboard.
We were literally thrown out of our bunks.
He threw back his head and roared with laughter.
I ran up and threw my arms around him.
Jenny threw herself onto the bed.
I just wanted to throw myself into his arms and cry.
Two riders were thrown (= off their horses) in the second race.
Hundreds were thrown out of work.
The future of the project has been thrown into doubt.
Everything was thrown into chaos.
We were thrown into confusion by the news.
The problem was suddenly thrown into sharp focus.
to throw doubt on the verdict
to throw the blame on someone
to throw accusations at someone
He threw the question back at me (= expected me to answer it myself).
The news of her death really threw me.
The speaker was completely thrown by the interruption.
Throw the dice!
He threw three sixes in a row.
