Don't touch that plate—it's hot!
Can you touch your toes? (= bend and reach them with your hands)
I touched him lightly on the arm.
Do not touch anything with your bare hands.
He has hardly touched the ball all game.
I must do some more work on that article—I haven't touched it all week.
Don't you dare touch me!
He accidentally touched a live wire attached to overhead power cables.
He did not actually touch the substance, but may have inhaled it.
He was close enough to touch her.
He wouldn't let me touch the wound.
Her hand reached out to touch his cheek.
His fingers briefly touched hers.
She hugged him, being careful not to touch his broken wrist.
In social groups, dolphins often touch each other with their pectoral fins. 
A smile touched the corners of his mouth.
His hair was touched with grey.
Some of her poems are touched with real genius.
You touched a raw nerve when you mentioned his first wife.
My remarks about divorce had unwittingly touched a raw nerve.
 The article struck a raw nerve as it revived unpleasant memories.
Personally, I wouldn’t touch him or his business with a bargepole.
The speaker had obviously struck a chord with his audience.
I put my feet down and touched bottom.
Her career really touched bottom with that movie.
Make sure the wires don't touch.
Their faces were almost touching.
Don't let your coat touch the wet paint.
His coat was so long it was almost touching the floor.
The dancer’s feet hardly seemed to touch the ground.
The speaker had obviously touched a chord with his audience.
I've been driving for over 20 years and never had an accident—touch wood!
We came within touching distance of winning the cup.
We live within spitting distance of the bus station.
I told you not to touch my things.
He said I kicked him, but I never touched him!
Her story touched us all deeply.
What he said really touched my heart.
I had been touched by his kindness to my aunts.
It truly touches me to know that I am holding in my hand a piece of paper used by someone who lived in 1745.
These are issues that touch us all.
The life of a shepherd has been only marginally touched by technological change.
Even the most remote areas are now directly touched by political, educational and medical advances.
You've hardly touched your food.
He hasn't touched the money his aunt left him.
No one can touch him when it comes to interior design.
The speedometer was touching 90.
Everything she touches turns to disaster.
His last two movies have been complete flops and now no studio will touch him.
