The wheels of the car began to turn.
I can't get the screw to turn.
The blades of the helicopter were turning slowly.
I turned the knob and pushed the door open. 
He turned the key in the lock.
She turned the wheel sharply to the left.
They turned the horse into the field.
to turn the dogs loose
She turned down the blankets and climbed into bed.
He turned up the collar of his coat and hurried out into the rain.
to turn cartwheels/somersaults
She turns 21 in June.
It's turned midnight.
to turn a chair leg
turned boxes and bowls
I didn't need my umbrella, as it turned out (= because it didn't rain).
My father would turn in his grave if he knew.
We turned and headed for home.
She turned to look at me.
He turned back to his work.
I turned away and looked out of the window.
He turned his back to the wall.
I turned my face to the sky.
She turned her head away.
I only turned my back for a second.
Lee turned to face her.
While his back was turned (= towards me) I sneaked a look at his notes.
How could she turn round and say that, after all I've done for her?
She turned the chair on its side to repair it.
Turn the sweater inside out before you wash it.
He turned into a narrow street.
We turned down a dark alleyway.
Turn left at the traffic lights.
The man turned the corner and disappeared.
I turned the car into the car park.
The pilot attempted to turn the aircraft towards a wooded area.
The road turns to the left after the church.
After a while the path turns sharply right. 
The river turns north at this point.
He sat turning the pages idly.
Turn to p.23.
The leaves were turning brown.
They say her hair turned white overnight.
I could feel my face turn red with embarrassment.
The weather has turned cold.
He turned nasty when we refused to give him the money.
He decided to turn professional.
The heat turned the milk sour.
She turned a deathly shade of white when she heard the news.
He's a lawyer turned politician (= he used to be a lawyer but is now a politician).
Police turned water cannon on the rioters.
He turned the gun on himself.
She looked at him then turned her attention back to me.
His thoughts turned to his dead wife.
Don't turn your anger on the children.
Many supporters are now turning their criticism on the manager.
He tried to forget the events of past few days and turned his thoughts to practical tasks.
The tide is turning—we'd better get back.
