Can you understand French?
Do you understand the instructions?
She didn't understand the form she was signing.
His accent made him difficult to understand.
I'm not sure that I understand. Go over it again.
I don't want you doing that again. Do you understand?
I don't understand what he's saying.
I’m sorry, I didn’t quite understand.
Would you mind explaining that again? I’m not sure that I’ve understood correctly.
Sorry, I don't quite follow (you).
Can I just check that I’ve got this right?
I’m not quite/​exactly clear about/​really sure what I’m supposed to do.
Sorry, could you repeat that? I didn’t hear what you said.
Sorry, would you mind repeating what you just said?
If I understand you correctly, you want me to phone the customer and apologise?
Do you mean (to say) that the deal's off?
What exactly are you saying?
So you're saying that the meeting's cancelled?
Sorry, did you mean that I should wait here or come back later?
Can you just confirm your date of birth for me, please?
Why are you wanting a new phone when your current one works perfectly well?
What shall we do tonight? I’m thinking bowling.
I’m loving the weather today! 
I could barely understand a word of his story.
If I've understood you correctly…
The girl understands immediately and promises to be more careful.
I finally understood what she meant.
What is generally understood by ‘democracy’?
Doctors still don't understand much about the disease.
No one is answering the phone—I can't understand it.
I fully understand the reason for your decision.
She understands the importance of good design.
I could never understand why she was fired.
It is easy to understand how he made this mistake.
They’re too young to understand what is happening.
I just can't understand him taking the money.
I just can't understand his taking the money.
He was the first to understand that we live in a knowledge economy.
The national housing market is better understood as a collection of small, local housing markets.
I don’t understand the instructions.
Doctors still don’t understand much about the disease.
‘It opens like this.’ ‘Oh, I see.’
Oh yes, I see what you mean.
She didn’t get the joke.
I don’t get you.
Sorry—I don’t quite follow.
The plot is almost impossible to follow.
They failed to grasp the importance of his words.
The concept of infinity is almost impossible for the human mind to comprehend.
Her behaviour wounded him in a way he did not really understand.
They won't necessarily understand the pros and cons of the matter.
The effects of these chemicals on the body are still poorly understood.
These beliefs are best understood as a form of escapism.
a woman struggling to understand an incomprehensible situation
I can't understand what all the fuss is about.
We came to understand why certain things happened in certain ways.
She understood that this was her last chance.
Nobody understands me.
He doesn't understand women at all.
We understand each other, even if we don’t always agree.
They understand what I have been through.
I understand how hard things have been for you.
I quite understand that you need some time alone.
If you want to leave early, I'm sure he'll understand.
I quite understand you needing some time alone.
I quite understand your needing some time alone.
These categories help us to better understand our readers.
She realized that she had never properly understood him.
I understand (that) you wish to see the manager.
Am I to understand that you refuse?
The Prime Minister is understood to have been extremely angry about the report.
It is understood that the band are working on their next album.
I thought it was understood that my expenses would be paid.
In the sentence ‘I can't drive’, the object ‘a car’ is understood.
I was given to understand that she had resigned.
He doesn't speak much Japanese but he can make himself understood.
