She rang the bell and waited.
The President agreed to speak to the waiting journalists.
They waited patiently while I got ready.
I waited and waited, but the bus didn't come.
Have you been waiting long?
to wait (for) hours/days/weeks/months/years
I’ve been waiting (for) twenty minutes.
I'll wait outside until the meeting's over.
I had to wait in line at the bank.
Wait for me!
to wait for a bus
I'm still waiting for the results of my blood test.
He smiled, waiting for an answer to his question.
We're waiting for the rain to stop before we go out.
Hurry up! We're waiting to go.
We'll have to wait until it stops raining.
You'll just have to wait your turn (= wait until your turn comes).
You won't have to wait long—the next train is in five minutes.
It was an anxious wait, but finally she found out that she'd passed.
He has lost a lot of weight.
Weight the tablecloth down so that it doesn't move or blow away.
He sat waiting to board the plane.
We're waiting to hear back from them.
We had several months of waiting for something to happen.
We'll just have to wait and see—there's nothing we can do at the moment.
a wait-and-see policy
‘Where are we going?’ ‘Wait and see!’
You'll just have to wait and see what you present is.
We'll wait and see what the weather's like before we make a decision.
They're off on a trip, to—wait for it—the Maldives!
Can you wait a second while I make a call?
Hey! Wait a minute! I'll come with you!
Wait a minute—this isn't the right key.
He seems to expect me to wait on him hand and foot.
Wait till you see what I've found!
Wait till I get my hands on him!
Leeds United had waited for success for eighteen years.
This is just the opportunity I've been waiting for.
They are waiting for the right moment to make their move.
He's waiting for me to make a mistake.
I've been waiting a long time to say that to her.
I waited my chance and slipped out when no one was looking.
We simply cannot afford to wait any longer.
I waited with bated breath for what would happen next.
Their parents waited anxiously for news.
She had to wait a long time for the right man to come along.
They waited in vain for a response.
We can't wait forever.
You might have to wait a while before you get an answer.
You'll have to wait until you're older.
He was just waiting for the chance to make fun of me.
I kept waiting for it to get better but it did not.
If the car needs cleaning, what are you waiting for?
I'll be famous one day, just you wait!
Your car is waiting, sir.
When we arrived on the platform, there was a train waiting.
There's a letter waiting for you at home.
There was a nice surprise waiting for me when I got back.
The hotel had a taxi waiting to collect us.
I've got some calls to make but they can wait until tomorrow.
I'm afraid this can't wait. It's very important.
We've just spent a fortune on a new roof, so the new car is going to have to wait.
Any one of these nuclear plants may be a disaster waiting to happen.
She was aware of a whole host of ambitious young managers waiting in the wings.
There's a wealth of talent waiting in the wings of British theatre.
The children can't wait for Christmas to come.
I can hardly wait to see him again.
I can't wait to see their new baby.
I can hardly wait for my holiday!
I could hardly wait for the weekend.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
He waited for the dust to settle after the election before making any new decisions.
