The baby is just learning to walk.
He may not be able to walk again.
‘How did you get here?’ ‘I walked.’
He walked slowly away from her.
The door opened and Jo walked in.
She missed the bus and had to walk home.
He turned and walked away.
He started to walk away from me, but quickly returned.
People walking past were staring at him.
You don't mind walking back, do you?
It looks like a nice place to walk around.
He walks over to the window and looks out.
I just happened to be walking by.
We walked along in silence for a while.
I ignored him and walked on.
I always walk to school.
Taking a deep breath, she walked into the room.
He immediately got up and walked out of the room.
I walked in the door and looked around.
He walked out the door, got in his car, and drove off.
He greeted her as she walked through the door.
I was walking down the street when I suddenly felt ill.
The school is within easy walking distance of the train station.
They walked the dark streets of Los Angeles.
Children here walk several miles to school.
She walked the short distance to her flat.
He could hear someone creeping around downstairs.
One player limped off the field with a twisted ankle.
I found him in the corridor nervously pacing up and down.
She spent the morning padding about the house in her slippers.
They wearily plodded home through the rain.
The queue gradually shuffled forward.
They staggered out of the pub, completely drunk.
She stomped out of the room, slamming the door behind her.
Families were strolling around the park.
They tiptoed upstairs so they wouldn’t wake the baby.
We trudged up the hill.
Due to his illness, he can no longer walk unaided.
He walked home from school.
I got up and walked calmly out into the early evening.
Jake was walking some way ahead.
She had no sandals and walked barefoot.
She walked cautiously up the drive towards the door.
The couple walked hand in hand along the beach.
When she walked onstage, the audience started screaming.
humans' ability to walk upright
A couple were walking hand in hand along the path.
He walked straight past me when I called.
How long does it take them to walk to school?
I had to walk all the way home.
The hotel is within easy walking distance of the beach.
They walked barefoot through the cool grass.
Try walking up the stairs instead of taking the elevator.
Women have to walk several miles each day to get water.
Most couples feel they are walking on air on their wedding day.
The government is walking a difficult tightrope in wanting to reduce interest rates without pushing up inflation.
We have two officers walking the beat after midnight.
He was walking a fine line between being funny and being rude.
She often seems to tread a thin line between success and failure.
His comedy treads the line between shocking and sickening.
We have to walk a fine line to make sure we don't promote one brand more than another.
His buildings walk the thin line between visionary and completely mad.
She was acquitted and walked free from court.
It’s not very far. We can easily walk it.
It's not a difficult exam. You'll walk it!
I hope I haven’t walked you off your feet.
I like an active holiday, so I walk.
She's started to go walking.
We're going walking in the mountains this summer.
I walked across Scotland with a friend.
They love walking the moors.
For our holiday we went walking in the Lake District.
Have you ever walked the Pennine Way?
We went walking by the waterfront.
Is it safe to walk the streets alone at night?
You can talk the talk but can you walk the walk?
He always walked her home.
I walked him to the corner of the street.
They walk their dogs every day.
She walked the horse around the ring.
It’s too far to walk—I’ll take you by car.
Firefighters led the survivors to safety.
The president arrived, escorted by twelve bodyguards.
My mother drove us to the airport.
The attendant showed us to our seats.
He always walked her home.
Have you walked the dog yet today?
She guided us through the busy streets.
We were guided around the museums.
She ushered her guests to their seats.
A young woman directed them to the station.
He walked the pony up and down the yard.
She walks the dog every day at about two o'clock.
Lock up any valuables. Things tend to walk here (= be stolen).
He knew he was out, so he walked.
He walked 60 times in 57 games.
Despite walking one batter, Jackson showed solid control of the pitch.
