Do you want some more tea?
to want children/kids 
to want peace/war/change 
Voters want answers to these questions,
If you want more information, visit the website.
The US wants access to Chinese markets.
The voters seem to want a reason to vote for him.
She's always wanted a large family.
If you want some help, just ask.
I want a new job.
All I want is the truth.
Thanks for the present—it's just what I wanted.
I can do whatever I want.
The last thing I wanted was to upset you.
What do you want for Christmas?
I wanted bacon and eggs for breakfast.
The party wants her as leader.
What do you want to do tomorrow?
What I really want to know is why you would even think that?
‘It's time you did your homework.’ ‘I don't want to!’
I just wanted to know if everything was all right.
You can come too, if you want.
We could see a movie later if you want to.
There are two points which I wanted to make.
I wanted to go home.
I simply wanted to be left in peace.
She desperately wanted to believe him.
These are books that children actually want to read.
Do you want me to help?
I want people to know what I've done.
We didn't want this to happen.
I want it (to be) done as quickly as possible.
I don't want you coming home so late.
Do you want your coffee black or white?
It was clear that somebody wanted him dead.
They want him arrested.
What do you want from me?
I had to discover what I really wanted out of life.
Why are you wanting a new phone when your current one works perfectly well?
What shall we do tonight? I’m thinking bowling.
I’m loving the weather today! 
Would you like a cup of coffee?
We’re going to a club tonight. Do you want to come with us?
I just want you to be happy.
If you truly want to help, just do as I say.
I want to study in America.
I want you to do it quickly.
I've tried to ask her advice, but she doesn't want to know (= about my problems).
‘How much was it?’ ‘You don't want to know’ (= it is better if you don't know).
Are you trying to say you want rid of me?
We'll want more furniture for the new office.
What this house wants is a good clean.
It wants a special sort of person for that job.
The plants want watering daily.
The cake mixture wants to be smooth and light.
The plants want to be watered daily.
She's wanted immediately in the director's office.
Excuse me, you're wanted on the phone.
If possible, you want to avoid alcohol.
He wants to be more careful.
You don't want to do it like that.
‘I want you so much,’ she whispered in his ear.
Alice, please don't leave me. I want you. I need you. I can't live without you.
He doesn't want courage.
You can't have it both ways. If you can afford to go out all the time, you can afford to pay off some of your debts.
I offered to pay but he was having none of it.
They pretended to be enthusiastic about my work but then suddenly decided they wanted none of it.
We in this party will have no truck with illegal organizations.
Dave wants no truck with change. For him, things are just fine as they are.
