I was in the living room, watching TV.
A large crowd watched the game on Saturday. 
to watch a film/movie/video/show
The film is well made and fun to watch—just don't expect a classic.
He sat on the ground and watched me with great interest.
He watched the house for signs of activity.
He watched for signs of activity in the house.
‘Would you like to play?’ ‘No thanks—I'll just watch.’
She stood and watched as the taxi drove off.
We watched to see what would happen next.
Watch what I do, then you try.
She watched the kids playing in the yard.
They watched the bus disappear into the distance.
If you look carefully you can just see our house from here.
She looked at me and smiled.
to watch television
Watch what I do, then you try.
In the evening we went to see a movie.
People came from all over the world to view her work.
The patients were observed over a period of several months.
He couldn't get in touch with her, so he would just have to watch and wait.
He tucked into his meal as I watched enviously.
He let me watch while he assembled the model.
He watched with great interest how she coaxed the animals inside.
I could see Robby watching curiously.
I spent hours patiently watching the eagles.
My father religiously watched the show every Friday night.
She stood and watched them walk off down the road.
We watched helplessly as the tide washed our towels away.
She watched in astonishment as he smashed the machine to pieces.
She watched the man closely to see where he would go.
The injured player was made to watch as his team was defeated 4-0.
They could only watch in silence as their possessions were taken away.
They stopped to watch the procession go by.
They watched from an upstairs window.
We watched for any sign of change in the weather.
the most widely watched national news bulletins in the country
A capacity crowd watched the semi-final.
I only let my kids watch television at the weekends.
This initiative is being closely watched by government regulators.
employees who are always watching the clock
I can't tell you any more right now, but watch this space.
I'll have to watch the time. I need to leave early today.
We sat outside a cafe, watching the world go by.
I love just watching the world go by.
Could you watch my bags for me while I buy a paper?
It's OK, I can watch the baby for a while.
Watch yourself! (= be careful, because you're in a dangerous situation)
Watch your bag—there are thieves around.
Watch your head on the low ceiling.
I have to watch every penny (= be careful what I spend).
Hey, watch where you're going!
We're watching the situation very carefully.
This election is being closely watched in the region.
The food retail sector is one to watch.
We'll watch for any developments.
He didn't know he was being watched by the authorities.
Watch your language, young man!
The referee told the players to mind their language.
You’d better watch your step with him if you don’t want trouble.
She'd better watch her back if she wants to hold onto the top job.
