He was wearing a new suit.
to wear clothes/clothing
to wear a shirt/hat/uniform
to wear shoes/glasses
Do I have to wear a tie?
Was she wearing a seat belt?
She never wears make-up.
All delegates must wear a badge.
She always wears black (= black clothes).
I've got nothing to wear.
One woman decided to wear flowers in her hair.
The products include porcelain and ceramic ware.
Don't wear that jacket—it's far too big!
Comfortable and smart, this jacket is suitable for office wear.
Where are you going on your next adventure?
He was free to go where he liked.
It's in memory of the soldiers who gave their lives during the war.
He wore his raincoat all day, even though it was sunny.
She wears purple shoes with red polka dots.
He had forgotten to wear his gloves.
He is entitled to wear the regimental tie.
I tend to wear a jacket to work.
I will probably choose to wear jeans.
She refused to wear prison clothes.
They came in, proudly wearing their uniforms.
the first time that I had ever dared to wear something like this
Do you have to wear a suit for work?
He wasn't wearing his raincoat, he was carrying it over his arm.
These excuses are wearing a little thin (= because we've heard them so many times before).
My patience is beginning to wear very thin.
It’s obvious who wears the trousers in that family!
She wears her hair long.
Hannah preferred to wear her hair short.
to wear a beard
He wore a puzzled look on his face.
His face wore a puzzled look.
Both men wore confident smiles.
She turned to us, wearing a blank expression.
The carpets are starting to wear.
A racing car's rear end gets very loose as the tyres wear.
The sheets have worn thin.
The stones have been worn smooth by the constant flow of water.
I've worn holes in all my socks.
The water had worn a channel in the rock.
That carpet is wearing well, isn't it?
You're wearing well—only a few grey hairs!
Those curtains have worn very well.
It's an interesting proposal, but the rich countries are never going to wear it.
He’s not one to wear his heart on his sleeve.
