Which team won?
to win an election
to win a game/race/war/battle
She loves to win an argument.
to win at cards/chess
France won by six goals to two against Denmark.
Does he have what it takes to win the Tour?
She entered election day in a strong position to win.
He has yet to win a major tournament.
I never win at tennis.
The party won by a landslide.
He narrowly won the first race.
She won the race by 25 seconds.
The French team won hands down.
The match was eventually won on penalties.
They stand a good chance of winning against their league rivals.
We didn't deserve to win—we played very badly.
Who do you think is going to win?
You have to try and win every race.
He always won at cards.
Historians still argue about who really won the war of 1812.
I think I won the argument.
Our side won the game 3-1.
She narrowly won the championship.
Our team easily won the competition.
When I made the top 10, I really didn't expect to win.
If someone wins 3 games in a row then they get a bonus point.
I can’t win. If I agree with her, she says I have no mind of my own; if I don’t, she says I’m being difficult.
OK, you win. I'll admit I was wrong.
Britain won five gold medals.
He won £3 000 in the lottery.
How many states did the Republicans win?
Everyone who takes part wins a small prize.
to win an award/a title
The Conservatives won the seat from Labour in the last election.
You've won yourself a trip to New York.
There can only be one winner.
Which do you prefer? The flowery one or the stripy one?
He's just won his 19th singles title.
He won a scholarship to study at Stanford.
the chance to win the holiday of a lifetime
We're confident of winning the title this year.
The movie was an instant success and went on to win five Academy Awards.
The far right party failed to win a single seat.
The actress is tipped to win an Oscar for her performance.
When was the last time our country won the World Cup? 
to win gold/​silver/​bronze in the Olympics
Our candidate failed to win enough votes.
The movie is this year's favorite to win Best Picture.
They are trying to win support for their proposals.
The company has won a contract to supply books and materials to schools.
She won the admiration of many people in her battle against cancer.
qualities which help win business and motivate staff
He succeeded in winning their confidence.
The government say they are winning the battle against inflation.
The film soon won the attention of producer Brian James.
Campaigners have fought and won a great victory.
She eventually won fame as a novelist.
Despite strong opposition, the ruling party carried the day.
Teamwork and persistence can still win the day.
Win or lose, we'll know we've done our best.
