In some countries children don't start learning to read and write until they are six.
Please write in pen on both sides of the paper.
I haven't got anything to write with.
Write your name at the top of the paper.
The teacher wrote the answers on the board.
The ‘b’ had been wrongly written as a ‘d’.
Children must learn to write neatly.
I write with an old fashioned pen.
She was busily writing in a notebook.
She wrote in Arabic.
The words were written in red.
Please write clearly in black ink.
We teach children to write when they are about six.
Write your answer out again on a new sheet of paper.
The team’s performance was nothing to write home about.
We were doing well but we ran out of money and that’s all she wrote.
to write a novel/song/computer program
to write an article/essay
Who was ‘The Grapes of Wrath’ written by?
Which opera did Verdi write first?
He hopes to write a book about his experiences one day.
She had to write a report on the project.
The text is very well written.
The play was originally written for British television.
I wanted to travel and then write about it.
He writes for the ‘New Yorker’ (= works as a writer).
No decision has been made at the time of writing.
She wrote him several poems.
After ‘Tom Sawyer’, Twain went on to write several other classic books.
Doris writes with verve and wit.
He has been commissioned to write a history of the town.
She has written extensively on the subject.
He set out to write a short book on taxation.
He writes on political issues.
Her novel was written under the pseudonym Currer Bell.
She was inspired to write the poem by a visit to the cathedral.
The role was written specifically for Rita Hayworth.
a journalist who writes about problems in the developing world
an art critic who writes regularly in the French daily ‘Le Figaro’
history written from the perspective of the losers
Someone had written a slogan on the wall.
Students will be expected to write their own computer programs.
She wrote a list on the back of an old envelope.
He wrote in his journal.
She writes a column for ‘The New York Times’.
the ability to write clearly in plain English
The film was written and directed by Tim Robbins.
He has written a very positive review of the film.
She wrote an article for the respected journal Science.
The children wrote stories about their pets.
She was asked to write a short piece of music for the orchestra.
 Students were required to write two research papers.
He wrote scripts for stage, screen and radio.
I have written a few blog posts in the last couple of months.
This is his only novel written for children.
Bye! Don't forget to write.
I'm writing to enquire about language courses.
She wrote to him in France.
I wrote a letter to the Publicity Department.
I wrote the Publicity Department a letter.
She wrote that they were all fine.
Write me while you're away.
He wrote me that he would be arriving Monday.
They wrote thanking us for the present.
He wrote to the editor of the newspaper.
He still writes to me regularly.
She wrote me a postcard from Spain.
The author writes that this theory has now been disproved.
Ancient historians wrote of a lost continent beneath the ocean.
She wrote of her life in Africa.
‘Of all my books,’ wrote Dickens, ‘I like this the best.’
to write (out) a cheque
The doctor wrote her a prescription for more antibiotics.
I'll write you out a receipt.
An error was reported when he tried to write data to the file for the first time.
This pen won't write.
Guilt was written all over his face.
It was a performance with star quality written all over it.
This essay has got Mike written all over it.
